4.5

It may have taken Nashville a while to go all in on the acai bowl craze/fad/trend (is it still a thing?)* but they're definitely a mainstay of the breakfast/replacement meal set. Rush Bowls does what it does very well and is in the absolute perfect location for it to continue to do its thing. In other words: acai bowls + The Gulch = a whole lotta sense.

In all transparency, Rush Bowls came into my radar when I worked with them last year. I'm a man who loves options and fruit so when I discovered how many bowl/fruit combinations I could enjoy, I knew that I would be a regular. And then the reality of me never getting to The Gulch hit. I had the best of intentions but I'm never in this neighborhood. 

But then the stars aligned: errands took me to The Gulch... at lunch time...when I was craving a healthy alternative to the junk I stuff in my mouth. Perfect. We were doing this. I walked in and was immediately greeted by the nice folks behind the counter. Rush Bowls certainly hires pleasant folks. I don't know if they walk in the door that way or are trained but in such a small space, it makes things much more relaxed to be around laid-back, smiling faces. Because it's going to take you a while to decide what you want. I came in thinking that I would go to town on a chai bowl, beach bowl or peanut butter bowl (all are solid choices) but I am a sucker when it comes to seasonal selections of anything (coffee, tea, beer... back when I could drink it) so the Dragon bowl with dragonfruit, chocolate sauce and gluten-free granola (among others) was just what the homeopathic doctor ordered. As usual, the bowl was delicious, made-to-order, filling, and addictive. I was super full after finishing (and it took a break to finish it) but I wanted another soon after I was done... not because I was hungry but because it was just that good.

Summer's coming and lighter, fruitier fare will be on the menu. I'll be better about coming to Rush Bowls. It's, like, for my health and stuff.

*We missed pies and are still waiting on tiki bars.