Axe throwing is one of those fun things from Yelp Elite Event's past that I've been craving to do again for awhile now. Going to the Malvern location of Splitting Edge (review coming in the not too distant future) for a fun Halloween party scratched the itch for me, but as my gf and I talked with our circle of friends we realized we weren't the only ones craving throwdown.

While we were looking forward to going to the Malvern location again, when we learned that only the Pottstown location had availability for the Friday night we were looking to book, we chalked it up as an opportunity to explore the area beforehand and make a good evening of it. And from seeing the awesome lumberjack inspired mural art that my friend Alloyius Mcilwaine painted downstairs, to playing three very different and hella fun rounds of axe throwing team games, to ending the evening by striking poses within their Game of Thrones-inspired wooden throne, it proved to be one of the most fun game nights I've had in awhile!

Back in the day, I used to do pretty good with my throwing, but when I started out the evening I was having some off moments which I just chalked up to me being rusty. But our ax expert for the evening, Will, watched my throwing like a hawk, grabbed me an ax with a longer handle to use, and showed me some pointers that had me getting near bullseye shots in no time. Since it's a BYOB spot we also brought some crowlers for the brewery next door after we learned that they didn't do to-go cans only to realize that we also had no cups. But the friendly staff was quick to provide them for us. Doing those things and even giving us a little more time to throw after our session ended were just some of the ways that their team went above and beyond to accommodate our crew.

At first, I thought the traditional play where the first team to get a certain amount of points without going over would have been my favorite game of the night. But then for the second they busted out the balloons on the board and gave us the chance to either lose points by bursting our balloons or to sabotage the other team's game by bursting their balloons to have them lose points. The third game of snakes and ladders was a little trickier to follow but also made for a fun time. Overall it was a great time that really scratched my itch and left me ready for another throwdown!