Along with many residents in Ambler, I was excited by the prospect of a wine bar in Ambler, and went to visit very shortly after the doors opened.  My first visit, which I can say wasn't terrible, wasn't remarkable either.  The food wasn't as good as the prices reflect that it should be.  However, not one to let a first impression steer the way, I returned with a friend, for some cocktails and appetizers.  This is where things went south.  First we were told that the food cost prices for the gourmet cheese were printed on the menu so customers knew Detterra didn't buy the cheese at Genuardi's.  We made sure to let our server know that we thought that was extremely tacky and asked him to inform the owners, who were sitting close by.  After he spoke with them, he came back and informed us that the prices are actually there so that if you want to buy the cheese to take home, you know the pricing.  What came next was even tackier; the owners never bothered to come speak with us, and apologize for the original answer we had been given, let alone try to up sell us to buy some cheese to take with us.  So my friend and I left, lamenting at the days of good service gone by. 

I would like to say that this is the end of my second attempt at liking Detterra; however the next morning when I checked my bank account balance, I found 3 separate credit holds totaling twice the amount of my purchase at Detterra!  I promptly called the restaurant, only to end up later speaking with the executive chef, who without letting me get a word in edgewise, explained that he gets 5 to 6 complaints like this a week, that all banks put an additional hold on your bar tab, it was due to on-line banking, and there was nothing he could do, I would just have to wait the 3 to 4 days while the purchased processed, before the additional funds would be returned to my balance.  

Wow, really, so I called my bank, who kindly called Detterra with me and listened to the same explanation, and promptly informed the executive chef, that no, the bank does not place extra holds on credit cards, that it was the bank that Detterra uses to process credit cards that would do that.  Imagine finding out after a poor experience that the restaurant had also moved double out of your available banking funds.  The gentleman from the bank confirmed with Detterra that the extra charge was not valid, and replaced the funds into my balance.  Again the chef stated he gets 5 to 6 complaints like this a week. Earth to Detterra; that will be 312 calls about the same issue over a one year period, at the 20 minutes it took to resolve my issue; that is approximately 104 hours of time spent telling your former customers that there is nothing you can do. I say former, because first, you don't work with a bank that plays with people's money, and tell them there is nothing you can do; Bernie Madoff learned that the hard way, but most important, despite the nice price tag, and fancy digs, Detterra left out the most important ingredient; good old fashioned, quality service and respect for your customers.    

As an update:  Dettera now owes us $105.00 of banking fees, because when the purchase finally did process, the hold was not removed, constituting another double dip into our funds.