It 's more of like , oh , yeah. I have a foundational understanding of what the way that Corey works and what she 's trying to get out of this. So I 'll approach the situation in this way and I find one on ones are extremely helpful. Well for those kinds of relationship or being practices. Exactly , the little things let 's talk about Thrive Global. What do you do ? And I know people hate that question , but what do you do ? Yeah , how does how does your product differ for individuals versus companies great question. So thrived Global is a behavioral change company and our mission is to end the stress and burnout epidemic. We have many different Avenues in which we deliver the content that built by our editorial team and one of those is live workshops where we have facilitators go in to corporations for the most part and train cohorts of people on summer honestly some of the stuff we 're talking about which is like How do you make yourself a better employee ? How do you cultivate relationships ? How do you bring your whole self to work ? And then another part of our business is brand media deals. And then the one that we 're in charge of here in San Francisco , and we have some Engineers both remote and the New York are building a behavioral change platform with many different products. It 's kind of B2B to see which means we 're designing it to be bought by employers But ultimately it 'll be in the hands of employees and What it does is it 's a place for you to go to find bite-sized information as to how you can improve your life on a daily basis at work both at work and at home , but we focus on sleep productivity and connection which are a lot of things. I 've actually talked about today in this in this conversation and we have a A concept called a micro step which is basically a too small to fail tip that you can practice for a given amount of time and our goal is to turn that into a habit and the more and more micro steps you 're able to make into habits. Hopefully the more and more you 'll become able to really take care of yourself on a daily basis and not be as stressed out or not lead to burnout and then the other component