Dined with my lady on a Friday evening around six, predominantly because it is BYOB, and I was very glad to have finally done so. Quaint little place that seems to be a local favorite; many families arrived while we were eating and seemed perfectly pleased to wait outside until tables opened up (I gather they accept no reservations). 

Started out with a tasty order of the fried mozzarella, which is admittedly hard to screw up, but I appreciated that they were more like fillets than sticks. Dipping sauce was tasty, though it did seem to be lacking something that I couldn't put my finger on, flavor wise, but it's abundance meant I had something to dip those oven hot garlic knots in early on in my meal. 

Moved onto the entrees with my lady's Chicken Siciliano and my Chicken Parmigiana, and we were both pleased. I found her dish to be much too sweet for my liking, as it's Madeira flavor reminded my highly of maple syrup (a taste I have grown particularly disenchanted with since a mishap involving ipecac a few years back), but she enjoyed it there, and even more the next day when it was reheated for lunch. The two breast came swimming in sauce, with a thicker than normal slice of prosciutto on top of each, as well as a piece of eggplant, a shell of provolone cheese, and a chunk of fresh and cold mozzarella. She also got the pleasing and satisfying Penne Vodka with her meal. 

My chicken came in the same two breast style, but with that good red sauce and a heavy handed (in a nice way) shell of melted mozzarella cheese surrounding it. No faults in my dish, only praise, especially for my gnocchi side. Normally you get large jelly bean style gnocchi when you order (at least the half dozen times I've tried it in my life), but these were about the size of one inch cubes; I found it to be much more appealing to my style of eating, and I really dug their airy consistency and mild flavor. Also included in my meal was an extra side of sausage, but it was weak as far as my sausage usually goes, with no heat whatsoever and a bit too much anise. 

Didn't get to try any deserts because we over ate, and yes, you can take that as a compliment, but maybe next time. The only other thing worth mentioning was that the service was very good, and, even though there was a line at the door, at no point did our friendly waitress make us feel rushed to finish.