I was recently in the market for a new couch, and spent much more time than I preferred driving from place to place looking for what I wanted at a price that was in my range. We checked out the giant furniture stores, the outlets, the scratch and dent places, the small shops, and somewhere in between all of those we stopped by Urban Underpriced. The sales staff works on commission, but after we were greeted and given their spiel about being family owned, being able to get furniture from a very wide variety of distributors, and running a sale so the price tags were not all correct, we were pretty much left alone to shop around. I much prefer having my own space to walk around and discuss options, and it was a great experience after going to Ashley Furniture where the sales person was breathing down our neck the entire time. 

They had a lot of stuff but it is a fairly small store relative to some of the giant ones we went to. We actually found a couch model we liked that was on the floor, but they also have a big interactive touch screen that has a whole lot more you can look at that they don't currently have in the store. They said they were running a sale so the couch we liked was marked down way below what the sticker was. I think some of that was the typical marketing strategy of marking up the sticker price and then making it look like a great discount, but it was a better price than I could find the same couch anywhere else, including online.  

We left to look at some other places and had no pressure at all from the sales staff when we told them we were leaving to look around some more. When we exhausted our search and decided Urban Underpriced had the one we wanted, we returned and talked to the same sales guy. We ended up getting it in a different fabric than they had displayed, but the guy was able to show us an actual sample of the other fabric along with pictures of what the other options were online. Checkout was easy and we were given a timeline of 2-6 weeks for delivery with the caveat that he wanted to be on the safe side so he didn't overpromise. It was exactly 2 weeks later when we got a call saying they had it in and could deliver that week. Scheduling was easy and the guys were there in the window that we were told, and we got a phone call to give us a heads up when they were on the way. The delivery guys were nice and professional, and we had no issues with that process. 

I'm usually warry of places that have much better prices than competitors, but their whole business plan of keeping a lower inventory, not doing a bunch of advertising, and being family owned certainly seems to let them sell the same name brand furniture at a cheaper price than I saw anywhere else. It is also nice that they carry a wide variety of brands and aren't locked into agreements with just a few suppliers, meaning even if they don't have something on the floor, they might be able to get it for you at a cheaper price than the big box store that you saw it somewhere else. We were offered a warranty options that included cleaning and replacement, but we passed on that. This will definitely be a stop that I make the next time I am in the market for new furniture.