1 star is the lowest Yelp allows so that is why this is getting it. 
Word of advice, unless they have it already there DON'T go here, go to Wilmington, Devon, Wynnwood, Cherry Hill.... where ever just not here.   

I would preferably give it negative 100 for all the time, money, energy and aggravation this place and its employees have caused me. 

I came in on a Saturday to trade my 13' A4 in for a SQ5 and Rick the salesman found one for me that was everything i wanted but it was in Maryland, he said he can have it shipped over at no extra cost. I agreed to the monthly pricing and he filled out a form with the car's vin# and i was to put down a $1,000.00 deposit, he said that it shouldn't take long for the car to arrive and he would touch base with me Monday and let me know if the car was avail. 

Monday i didn't get a call till late evening saying that he got "the car" & it should be coming this week; he will then again touch base with me. I didn't get a call again till Friday saying that the car was IN and i can get it tomorrow at 10am. Saturday, i show up at 10am and it wasn't ready, it was fine we dint mind waiting we know people are busy but we waited around for 2 hours, finally around noon we get called in to sign papers and add on things. 

The finance guy then said ok so the price is worked out for $$$ a month with $$$$ as a down payment for this car i said yes. During this process i asked if the pricing could be rounded off to an even number he said yes he could work with that, they threw in a new iphone charger for me, let me and my bf pick out 2 gifts from their shop, i got discounts off the wheel/tire insurance; it seems all too good. 

After all signed and done, Rick walks us to my new car he apologized that it wasn't detailed b/c it had JUST arrived and that i can bring it back if i call to get it detailed. Distracted by that, i started to notice things but was trying to listen to what he was saying. I notice it didnt have the red calipers i wanted he said "oh we can add that", i also noticed when I opened the door lights didnt beam down like i wanted, he said "again we can add that". then when i got inside i noticed the seats weren't the seats i wanted. i got home and pulled out the sheet that i signed where i put down the $1,000 deposit bc it had the vin # on it, i checked and it didnt match the car i was driving. I was so upset i called back right away and asked why did he give me this car that want the one i originally order? he apologized for "MISCOMMUNICATION", but it was more like NO-communication!! *cough cough BAIT-n-SWAP* 

I asked him to email me the window sticker to this car i had so i can compare it to the window sticker of the car i ordered and the price difference was OVER $6,000. I had never felt so betrayed in my life. 

I wanted the difference back, but he said the price had already been negotiated, but i wanted to not pay for somethings that i don't have. I said what ever you can change just change it and what ever you can i want the difference back, after some time and back n forth calls, they decided to give me the difference i wanted back but some as a check and some as deductions from my monthly payments. i didn't even calculate the tax included, i was so upset i think my math was off by a few dollars but regardless i just wanted my bulk sum back. Rick said they would "over night" me my due check, it didn't not show up next day, or week, took them 10 days and multiple calls. 

Not only that, my temp tags were expiring and i called and he said he would "over night" me a affidavit. I don't know why i checked the mail bc nothing really gets done by them. I had to leave him a voicemail asking him to just email it to me so i can print it, and thank god bc the same day i was pulled over and asked why i had exp temp tags.  

I honestly had the most horrible experience here, and i'm even to the point where i cannot wait to get out of it. I wanted to keep driving SQ5's or whatever they come out with next but i think i will be taking my business to definitely another dealership or even Porsche next. They seem to have things together.