Went in for a lower back issue and sat in a side hospital room for 40 minutes waiting to be seen by a doctor. I informed the nurse about my ovarian cysts and a minor accident that took place..later recalled..two years ago! (as I was asked if I had been in any accidents as that can cause inflammation) I wasn't sure but told her it might of happened about a year ago. After 30 minutes I got up and kindly asked how long results usually took for a urine test and I was told everything was clear as far as pregnancy (requested) but that I had a urinary tract infection. After heading back in the room and sitting for an additional 30 minutes I had no choice but to head home because it started becoming really late, my back was becoming tense and my family couldn't stay awake to drive me back which meant I had to drive, I was then given a prescription slip. The next day when I went to fill my medication I was told I had another patient's prescription slip. I drove home and called the hospital and after speaking to a few people they informed me they would call in the prescription to the pharmacy. When I asked about the infection and receiving antibiotics they informed me that I did not have an infection.....so I hoped it was my test and was in a slight panic of the pregnancy test. They asked the nurse and she claimed she never told me I did, my mouth literally dropped with complete disbelief! After about a week I received a claim form in the mail showing that the person who took down the information listed my condition under accident related. There is no case to begin with! Now the insurance may not cover this and I am stuck with an $850 hospital bill, no way to pay, reimburse should they cover as last resort and the only treatment I really received was a pee test. I had came to this hospital before with the same issue listed for ovarian syndrome and prior surgery, as well informed them about the accident that happened..but never did they list it! I had received great care then, but what happened?