I was visiting Nashville from Wisconsin for a conference when the head gasket blew on my truck. I didn't know any mechanics in town so I looked for the place with the best reviews on Yelp and found The Car People. At first they seemed very helpful and I agreed to have them replace the engine in my car. Things went pretty downhill after that and I feel The Car People took advantage of me and the great customer service evaporated very quickly. I seem to have irritated them by calling and asking questions looking for reassurance (I was out of state and they never proactively called me to update me on when my car would be ready). All in all, this has been about a $4000 mistake. Sorry for the wordy review.

I brought my car in to the Car People 9/5/16 to repair a blown head gasket that occurred while on vacation. I was quoted $2591.29 to replace the engine with an engine with 54,000 miles on it and told it would be ready by the end of the month. The Car People failed to notify me of delays in the repair (it was delayed a further two weeks), nor that they installed an engine with 116,469 miles instead, for the same charge.  Because they told me it would be ready by the end of the month, I lost $206 on a non-refundable plane ticket I purchased for 10/7/16, as when I called them prior to my flight they told me the engine still hadn't even been installed. I was able to pick up my car 10/24/16, and as not having a car caused too much hardship for my wife and I, I did not push to resolve the improper engine, especially after the Geoff threatened to take the engine out when I expressed a concern over them installing an engine different that I was quoted.  I was also concerned over being charged $263.22 for a new thermostat that had just been replaced and was working properly.  Geoff provided a personal written guarantee that he (not TechNet--the nationwide network he is part of, as they do not warranty engine work) would personally warranty any engine-related problems for "1 year/unlimited miles from 10/24/16," so I hesitantly went forward and picked up the car as I badly needed it back. I paid $2591.29 to The Car People.

The car made it home to Milwaukee, but I noticed the car was leaking coolant. A rag was also left in the engine block. Geoff referred me to a local TechNet partner in Milwaukee, who tightened a number of hose clamps and noted an oil leak from the rear main seal as well as a transmission leak--neither of which were present prior. The local mechanic advised me to monitor the oil leak for the time, but at the latest to replace it prior to any long trip/drive. I then had to bring the car back to the local mechanic after two of three bolts holding the water pulley in place loosened and fell off while driving. The local mechanic politely covered this for free rather than charge the Car People, despite it being faulty work on the Car People's part.

A few days later a coolant hose burst and the car lost all its coolant, requiring a tow. As I this happened after 5pm and I required a car as soon as possible and was unable to take it to the local TechNet affiliated mechanic (they were closed), I had the car towed to Ford. Ford informed me that the hoses used for the coolant were not up to spec and that if the Car People did not install those hoses when they re-installed the radiator during the engine replacement, that they were negligent in noticing that the hoses were not up to spec (it was a rubber hose and should have been steel per Ford). I asked the Car People to reimburse me for this expense, but Geoff denied the claim because I could not get the vehicle to a TechNet mechanic. He denied to pay any portion of the $381.36 bill.

I called Geoff on 12/19/17 to discuss the rear main seal leak. He was irritated by my questioning and stated the current time and the date and that "the rear main seal is part of the engine and I am warrantying all the engine work." He told me to bring it back to the Milwaukee TechNet partner and he'd cover the repair. I notified him it could be a few months before I had enough time to leave it with the mechanic due to the mechanic's schedule and my work schedule. I did bring the car back to the Milwaukee mechanic on 3/15/17.  The local mechanic confirmed the rear main seal was still leaking (as was the transmission, though no transmission fluid has ever needed to be replaced throughout the car's lifespan). He spoke with Geoff to confirm the rear main seal was leaking, but the local mechanic stated that Geoff declined to cover the cost of the rear main seal as I was not planning on replacing the transmission, despite Geoff offering a warranty on all engine-related problems. 

I have since called The Car People twice over the last month and have left messages, but they are no longer returning my calls. Given the prior good reviews, I would've hoped for better service when I spent over $2500 to replace an engine. I am even more disappointed they don't honor their warranty.