As a previous small business owner, I hate to have to write a terrible review but in this case it is much needed. Much like another yelper, I was in a bind and found myself force to use My Car Doc. My 2012 Volkswagen Tiguan died in the middle of the road about .5 miles from my car doc. I was able to find My Car Doc on Yelp and saw they had decent reviews, I thought this was my best option since I was in a bind and worried my car may not make it any further. I went to My Car Doc and left there out $645 and a car in worse shape than when I brought it.

Upon my arrival I was greeted by two friendly staff members and met John the owner as well. Since my car only has 60,000 miles and a 2012, I was unsure if the car was still under warranty. I explained that to John and he said he would take a look at what was going on with my car and contact Volkswagen before he did anything. He seemed like a standup guy and wasn't going to try and rip me off. I left my car with John and fairly assured that it was in good hands, but boy was I wrong. 

The next day I did not hear from MyCarDoc so I gave them a ring, I spoke to the mechanic and he informed me that my alternator needed to be replaced but he was waiting to hear back from Volkswagen to see if my car was still under warranty. Later in the day I called back and spoke to Laura, I informed her that my car was not under warranty and asked for her to provide me a quote to replace the alternator. She stated the alternator would be $348 and the labor at $105 an hour @ 2.01 hours for a grand total of $575. I told her to have John and his team proceed and Laura instructed me that they could go ahead and get the parts and my car would be finished that day. I called Laura back later that day to see if she had an estimated completion time, she informed me it would be done in the next one-two hours but would call me when it was completed. That time passed so I went ahead and called Laura back and she was extremely rude to me stating she would call me when it was completed but it would be completed that day. 5:30 rolls around and I still had not heard from Laura (they close at 6pm- if my car was going to be completed that day I would have to leave shortly) she assured me she would call me by 6 pm. At this point, I was afraid to call Laura to find out the status of my car due to her attitude!  The communication was sub-par but sadly this isn't the worst of it all! Finally 6:10 I give Laura a call and she tells me that my battery/and or something else was also having issues and they would have to look into it further. I told her not to proceed with anything without my consent- she said she would call me the next day when they knew exactly what was wrong.


The next day I did not hear back from Laura. Around noon I gave her a call and she told me my car was able to be picked up but it wasn't starting properly (you had to pump the gas to get the engine to turn). She told me it would be an additional $125 for the mechanics to figure out what was wrong THEN an additional cost to fix whatever was wrong. At this point I have spent $575 for an alternator and my car is STILL not working properly. Laura was a pain in the a@@ and I did not feel comfortable letting My Car Doc work any further on my car. She instructed me that my car was drivable but it took a little longer to start but I decided I would pick up my car and take it to a REAL mechanic. I went to pick up my car and John stated my bill was $645- I told him that was not what I was quoted. He informed me there was tax (obviously) and "Shop Fee" of $45- I asked what that was and he said "towels and clean up supplies" and that ALL shops charge this. What in the world?!?! Extremely frustrated I paid my bill and walked out. When I finally got to my car it took forever to start and when it did there were TWO additional lights on in my car that were not there when I arrived! MY CAR WAS IN WORSE SHAPE THAN WHEN I GOT THERE!!!! So now I am forced to take my car to another mechanic to see what is actually going on. Bottom line- John ripped me out $645 and left me with a car in worse shape. Yes- I could drive it off the lot but there are now additional problems on my car that were not there when I arrived. John made ZERO attempt to help resolve anything- he simply wanted more money from me and that I was not going to do.