Earlier this week I called Revolution and asked if they serviced bikes that were not purchased from them, and I was told they did, and all I had to do was bring it in for service. Today I decided to take the bike in, and once I walked in the door there were 4 people at the registers and they were all chatting with each other, after standing there with a bike for a while I interrupted them all, to ask where I take my bike for service. I was told to follow the road I was on, and I did and there I found myself standing and waiting again for someone to help me. After another close to 5 minutes someone asked who was next and I said I was, and I explained I wanted to give my bike a service. He then asked if I had an appointment, and I told him I did not, and that I was ok to leave the bike and once it is repair to call me and I will come get it, and he told me they are 2-3 weeks out to take bikes, and I must have an appointment to be seen. What is frustrating with this whole process, it was never once told to me the process till I was there with my bike waiting so long.

On my way out I said something to the cashiers who were still there just chatting among themselves, and I told them that I am not use to getting this type of poor service in the states where I am from, and one of the guys that were there told me this, "We only have a 2 in half month bike season and every place like us is very busy and no one can take walk ins for bike repairs or have the storage to keep bikes."

Well Revolution Cycle, you have missed the mark on several levels as to what customer service is, and in the process of not wanting to help me, lost a potential for anything now.
I will say to all those reading this, Western Cycle was much better, as soon as I walked in I was greeted by an employee asked what I wanted, and shown were to go, they evaluated my bike, gave me a repair price, and it will be ready fully repair on Friday. This is what customer service is, and I suggest you employees go over there and see it firsthand they can use some lessons!