Owned and operated in Florissant by baker Keith Took since 1968, many St. Louisans consider Old Town Donuts to be the city's best, and on Thanksgiving day around 7:00pm the shop at 508 North New Florissant Road was found full of fresh treats just as they are 24/7/364, save for Christmas. 

Situated a bit northwest of downtown, approximately ten minutes from St. Louis Lambert International Airport by car, it was shortly after landing that the low-slung building was entered, a young female clerk emerging from the kitchen and offering suggestions plus a coupon that, on top of cheaper-by-the-dozen discounts, yielded twelve items of any size or style for just $7.99 plus tax.

Taking a seat while watching an elderly gentleman mix Dough in back, all while groups of guests came and went despite both date or time, it should come as no surprise that most of the Doughnuts offered at a place called "Old Town" are classics, and although Cereal-topped Rings are indeed offered it seems highly unlikely that they offer a better bite than Mr. Took's Dark Chocolate Devil's Food or Bismark filled with Jelly.  

Surprised to see oversized Cinnamon Rolls included at no additional cost, and more so by a proper Apple Fritter filled with plenty of chopped Fruit, those looking for lighter choices should pay close attention to two-bite Crescents and or simple Raised n' Glazed, though the Cruller labeled "French Donut" unfortunately tasted oily rather than eggy.

Additionally offering fried Dough at a second location in Cottleville, Old Town Donut Shop #2 under the direction of Keith's son from 2012 until today, fans of Old Fashioned Donuts will be happy to know Old Town's are moist and lightly tangy while Blueberry tastes fine, though it likely comes from a commercial mix.

Saving two specials for the end, and separating them by a Chocolate-glazed pocket filled with Custard, "Pumpkin Glaze" seems to mean "Pumpkin Spice" rather than a Donut actually featuring America's favorite Squash while St. Louis' word-famous Gooey Butter Cake ascends to a new level thanks to Cream Cheese Filling and crumbled bits of Crust perched atop fried Cake.