I can't rave enough about this company and the people running it! Let me start from the beginning...we are selling our house so of course the buyers want a termite inspection as expected so earlier this week a PEST control company came out (I will not name the company) but the rep showed up in dress slacks and a button down shirt that caught my attention first because how in the world was this guy who looked all of 18 in his nicest attire gonna get in the mulch and in the crawl space and do a thorough check?! Then he goes into my garage and stands in the middle of the floor and is writing things on his clipboard while not moving around. I stood and watched him and even asked "can I move anything for you? Is anything in your way?" He says "no we just pretty much look around." Then he goes to the crawl space a very short time later he comes out and decided to tell me that he is done and he found old termite damage but nothing live. Well I'm shocked to hear this and in complete disbelief because we had the house checked when we purchased 4 years ago and twice since (the two times since were because it was included in our PEST protection contract we were in with Terminix last year) and we have NEVER been told there was previous damage and we have NEVER had to treat for termites. He says "I don't recommend treatment but I'll send my report to the buyer". So of course the buyer now wants treatment done which is totally understandable but we did not believe his report but instead of taking the chance of losing a buyer we decided that we would seek treatment but NOT with that company so I did a little research and came across this company which is highly recommended through reviews. I called and explained the situation to the man who answered Roger who come to find out is the owner and told him I wanted an estimate for treatment...he insisted on sending his guys out right away for a second opinion and explained how and why these things happen with bigger companies. Fast forward a few hours two men come to my house very nice and very knowledgeable! They looked my house over twice including the crawl space and even took the picture of the graph from the other company with him to double check those "problem areas" and found absolutely nothing! These guys were gaining nothing from me today and could have lied to me just like the other company did ONLY to rip me off of several hundred dollars but the did not! What a great business Rodger is running and whether or not the buyer still wants treatment  (which would only be done by Angell) they just gained a lifetime client and believe me when I tell you I will recommend this company to any and EVERYONE because honesty and quality are very hard to find and these guys have it!