I've been running (if that's what you call it) for close to a year now, and I was quite shocked to receive a $100 gift card to this place for Christmas. I was only vaguely aware of it, having stopped in Broad Ripple to walk around and window shop.

When I came in shortly before the new year, I decided that I'd like a pair of running tights and a utility belt for when I run outdoors, which left me having to pay $27 after presenting my gift card, but you get what you pay for, right?

Fast forward to three months later-- I get shin splints! Wanting to know what I should do to prevent them on future runs, I decided to sign up for their Good Form Running clinic. The instructor was also the store's manager Jesse, who took a video of me running along the sidewalk by the store so we could view it and see what I'm doing right and wrong. Come to find that when I strike the ground with my foot, I come down heel first, which is a huge culprit for getting shin splints. With the clinic, I learned that a midfoot strike is the best, and the best way to do so is to keep a cadence of 180 steps per minute. As a thank you, I received a coupon for a $20 gift card with a purchase of a shoe and sock combo on my next visit.

Upon my return to the treadmill, I used the techniques I learned and voila! No shin pain. As I'd had my trusty Adidas shoes for about six months, it was time for a change. Knowing that they offer gait analysis, I told the sales clerk Erica that I was in the market for some new kicks. She looked at my old shoes and also the way I walked and ran, and brought out three pairs that would work for me. They all felt great, but I settled on a purple pair by Saucony because they were different from what I was used to (extra cushioning, softer top, etc). Using the coupon I had, I also purchased some wicking socks, and then received my gift card.

Shortly after purchasing, I went out on the Monon trial to test out my new Sauconys on a regular 5K run. They were great! The people at Runners Forum know exactly what they're talking about and also have running groups and other get togethers for customers.