If I could detail the amount of frustration I went through in my pregnancy with Women's Group, you'd be reading forever. I will tell you that I wish I read reviews prior to coming here for my pregnancy because there are TONS of reviews from other women that repeat verbatim what I went through. I will offer compliments to the front desk staff along with Stephanie with billing for being so amazing through all the stress that the nurses and doctors placed on me, they really stepped up to help with any billing disputes that the doctors/nurses messed up on and tried their best to help. Regarding the doctors and nurses, I personally felt like as soon as I stepped through those back doors, I was just a cow being herded through (get in / get out) type of process, you're just another number, another body that they can bill to the insurance for money. Once in the back, you meet with the nurses who are always in a rush, they don't explain processes to you on what they're doing when they're pulling at your arm to take your blood or conducting tests ordered by the doctor (unless you ask). You meet with the doctor afterwards which could be any 1 of the 5 physicians that work there and they spend maybe 10 mins with you to ask how you're feeling. Keep in mind, you never get the same doctor at every visit and you don't get to pick which doctor delivers your baby, you get whoever is on call at the time you go into labor! The doctors offer NO education or knowledge during your pregnancy and they will BOMBARD you with paperwork with little explanation to these tests and shots they want you to sign off on (some not covered by insurance BTW). The doctors NEVER offered to do the Doppler to hear my baby's heart beat so in my entire 16 weeks pregnancy at Women's group, I never heard my babies heartbeat and they don't let you hear it during your sonograms. Apparently you have to ask the doctor in the room to do the Doppler for the heart beat, but how is anyone suppose to know that if you're never told. I personally knew that this place was NOT for me and I decided to transfer to a new doctor  but not before Women's Group kept threatening me that if I didn't come in for my 16 week appointment that they would "discharge me as a patient" and they threatened that any other doctor might not take me at the stage of the pregnancy, especially if I miss my 16 week appointment with Women's Group. I will say, if you want a more personable, enjoyable experience for your pregnancy- this place is NOT for you. I'm a first time mom so this is all new to me and it's a learning experience every step of the way. I learned that you should ALWAYS call your insurance ahead of time to verify tests and procedures being ordered by the doctor PRIOR to any tests or procedures taking place. Make sure the OB doctor along with the  hospital they're affiliated with for delivery is "in network" for your insurance. Even if the doctors, nurses or front desk tell you your covered for certain procedures or whatever through your insurance, CALL YOUR INSURANCE COMPANY & DOUBLE CHECK, trust me!! I learned the hard way, the Women's group charged me $800 for a test that I was only suppose to pay $299 for because they sent it to the wrong lab which wasn't covered and they took NO responsibility and I had to fight it for weeks with Quest Diagnostics to get it waived. I am happy I no longer have to suffer going to this place, I will NEVER, NEVER GO BACK.  It may be beautiful on the outside with the chandeliers but it's UGLY on the inside with how you're treated as a patient. I hope no one goes through the stress I went through at this place especially as a first time pregnant mommy.