I love to try non-franchised locally owned businesses as much as possible while traveling around the country to get a taste of the local culture, although it can be quite risky in some cases. When asked where I'd like to go for lunch on a recent business trip to Pinellas Park and being offered a few recognizable safe brand choices, I responded that I'd like to try out a local favorite. I find it quite amusing when I ask this that most of the time I get a disclaimer with the recommendation warning that the place is a local hangout and they also seems
somewhat apologetic before we arrive. I understand this since most of the time it's a safety measure meant to say they can't guarantee the results and they don't want me to judge their product on that of a business they don't have any control over which is kind of ridiculous to me but understandable from their perspective in a way.

So we arrive at Babalu, just after the noon hour, wth most of the early lunch goers finishing up we found a parking spot right out front and once we enter we grabbed a booth in the front of the restaurant with no wait. Our server Heather greets us within seconds of taking our seat, she takes our drink order and gives us a few minutes to explore the menu and the one page special of the day handout. Keeping with tradition to go with a special I find the creative but corny Cobbalu Salad and go with that, it's simple, inexpensive and interesting. After a few minutes our lunch arrives, honestly my first impression was it seemed a little smaller than I'm used to, but at the same time attractive showing they actually spent some time putting it together verses just throwing it in a bowl. The ingredients were fresh and although I think adding a half a cup of greens or iceberg to go with the spinach would make this amazing, it was enjoyable, the real bacon was nice to see and the grilled chicken was cooked well and still moist. I could see doing lunch here again and maybe breakfast in the near future,the staff was friendly and everyone in the restaurant seemed content this was a good experience.