I spent hours - days, even - researching B&Bs for our trip to New Orleans, and while I noticed a few negative reviews for Auld Olive, the cute website and location won me over. 

So I was horrified to find out, four hours before our stay was to begin, that the owner was an absolute asshole, and we didn't have a place to stay. Here's the skinny: After an exhausting plane ride from the west coast, our flight out of JFK was held up (with us on the plane of course) for two hours, and our arrival time was pushed from 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. 

Not wanting to inconvenience Dale and David, the owners of Auld Olive, I called and let them know the situation, thinking that some advance notice would alleviate the inconvenience a bit. Instead, after letting the man who answered the phone know about our arrival time, this is the response I got (imagine a very angry southern drawl): "I have to WORK in the morning!"

Uh.... Yeah, Stunned silence for a moment, then I ventured "I'm sorry about that but I guess I thought that maybe you could leave a key somewhere..."

"This is MY HOUSE! I can't leave a key out! I should just cancel your reservation right now!" 

At that point, I gratefully agreed. There was no freaking way we were going to stay with a person like that.

I should add that when I originally made the plane reservation, I contacted Dale and David to apologize for the late (11 p.m.) arrival, mentioning that in my experience these late-night flights often arrive even later, and suggesting that pre-arranging some sort of key-drop might be best, but they assured me it would be fine. 

It was not fine.

While it was certainly stressful to arrive in New Orleans at 1 a.m. with no reservations, on a weekend where nearly every room was taken (it took us 1 anxious hour at the airport, calling random hotels from the phone book 'till we finally found a vacant but obviously very expensive room), we consider ourselves lucky for not having to stay at Auld Olive. 

I tend not to write negative reviews, but in this instance I had to. Spare yourself, and book a room elsewhere.