This is the first review I have ever written on any forum what so ever I have never been compelled to do so. Me and my wife have been trying to upgrade our home little by little and figured this would be a good time to consider upgrading our ac unit before the hot humid Florida weather comes. Because our older unit is currently working I have been able to be extremely thorough in this process I have literally met with 6 different ac companies most of which I found on yelp and other sites based on good reviews and even two ac companies that were referred to me by close friends of the owners and got to directly talk to them the rest were service techs or sales reps. Etc.. either way I stumbled across The Comfort Authority and I am so glad that I did I'm not easily impressed and after now seeing my 7th ac company and going through reviews all over the internet on both contractors and brands you can imagine I had a little knowledge going in to the interview James came out to my house and I was blown away by the amount of effort he put in to figuring out what the absolute best option for my home was and not just looking at the old unit and where they are located and giving me a hand full of prices on different brands and models I actually learned a few things not so much about the ac units (I have been researching them for weeks) but about my actual home and how everything is constructed ductwork path of flow through the system a true heat load test he even noticed i have one vent backwards I've been in my home for 7 years never noticed it lol. There is so much to consider when your looking for an ac company and of course price seems to always get thrown to the top and in all honesty they are not the cheapest quote I've received but are by far the one I have felt most comfortable around and here is the kicker I'm writing this before me and my wife have even made our decision we are gonna look over all of our estimates over the weekend and attempt to decide what is the best company for our family and our budget of course this is such a big investment that I personally can't afford to get this wrong. However I was just that impressed with how it went that something had to be said. I will give an update on what and who we decided to go with at a later date but I can truly say if your in the market they at minimum deserve an opportunity to gain your business.Thank you again James it was a pleasure. 

(*****Update*****)so I have officially finished the process of upgrading my ac I stated I would update so here it is first off I went with the comfort authority and I can honestly say for me personally it was hands down the best decision I could have made these guys were amazing I know I know you say it's just an ac company but this company is truly different everything from the first phone call to schedule an initial consultation to the most recent visit tonight by James to preform a quality assurance check has been absolutely top notch. I believe that the passion James has in his work seems to be the driving force and it has found its way through every single employee I have come in contact with. Peter was my lead installer I can not remember the others names unfortunately but that's because they were all so quite and efficient they were at my home for about 11 hours strait I didn't even see anyone take a break it was all business all day I was extremely impressed and peter did a great job of keeping me updated throughout the installation. Without a doubt The absolute best part about this entire experience is they have made me feel like this was a relationship not a job or a project but more along the lines Of now having a friend/family member that happens to be in the ac business and that any question issue or concern will be taken care of. that is an amazing feat in the AC business or any contractor related business for that matter If you are on the fence about picking this company do yourself a favor and book them immediately you absolutely will not regret it. For me to say I highly recommend them is an understatement they are my only recommendation when it comes to all your ac needs. thank you for everything Comfort Authority I truly look forward to our ongoing relationship for many years to come.