Goldtex has many admirable features. There's nothing like dipping into the hot tub - which is perched atop the roof - on a chilly evening, exercising in a gym that affords such a nice view of the city, or relaxing in a living room saturated with natural light. 

What I can do without: a non-stop clanging noise that permeates the entirety of the unit. This is a noise that 1) sounds every second of the day, afternoon, and night, 2) is so loud I can hear it while simultaneously washing and drying clothes, watching tv, playing music, taking a shower, operating two floor fans on their highest settings, exercising, or during virtually any activity. I cannot say that I enjoy being clanged awake throughout the night - every night - even after taking mitigating action [operating two floor fans and the ceiling fan every night] in attempt to mask that darned unrelenting clanging. 

What's more, I first addressed this noise with Goldtex management in September 2019 - which only led to management serving a series of excuses - including 1) the noise is the trash compactor, 2) there's nothing Goldtex can do to fix it, 3) it's too expensive to fix, and 4) the part - that would presumably correct the issue - won't arrive for an undetermined amount of time.

When, in late February, discussing the possibility of moving to another unit, the manager believed it appropriate to tell me Goldtex's policy does not usually allow tenants to transfer until the lease ends. I found that comment peculiar considering Goldtex has knowingly allowed the nuisance to persist for, and let's count, eight (8) months. The prospect of moving was not an altogether attractive option, even before being scolded by Goldtex management, considering  1) I moved into the unit in July 2019, 2) Goldtex has not offered assistance with moving furniture or any form of compensation whatsoever, 3) no units were immediately available, and 4) I'd end up paying a higher monthly rent to resolve a problem that Goldtex has allowed to abide.

After exhausting all available resources at Goldtex, I emailed Post Brothers' SVP of Property Management on May 6 and received a mere one-sentence response three (3) days later. The response: "I will find out what's going on". I followed up with the SVP on May 11 and have not received a response. 

In addition to being clanged awake every night, I now have to deal with vermin being a roommate.