Went to Edmonton to purchase some suits for my son starting a new career as a financial adviser,  which you would think Harry Rosens would like to grab a hold of for future business and a long term customer in a field that will always need suits. He told me he purchased a overcoat in Calgary, and that it took the clerks over 10 minutes to come over to him because he was looking at over coats over $1,300.00. He said when the sales clerk finally came over he said you understand how much these coats are, he said yes, and purchased it. He felt like a little kid again, and who are you to say how much its going to cost, and how much money someone has. 

So I talked him into going back to Harry Rosens but now at West Edmonton Mall and I will go with him so that he wouldn't have the same experience. The thing was, I was cleaning out my father in laws garage in the morning and didn't change, I just wore my old jeans and top, and my son changed and was wearing some nice clothes. 

We walked into the store and I have never witnessed something so pathetic in a store as I did last Saturday, the clerk at the counter looked up at us and stared for a few seconds and then looked down at whatever he was doing and I was taken back. He looked at us again, and then looked at a guys that walked in right behind us with cacky shorts on, a sweater, and a scarf around his neck and said oh welcome could I help you with anything sir. Another clerk walked right by us and went to the gentleman and asked if he could be of assistants. 

At this point I am fuming, and my son said I told you...please don't say anything dad.  We looked at the suits for about 5 minutes, and I said lets get out of here and not in those words. On purpose we walked to the other end of the store with out anyone saying a word to us as it wasn't as if there wasn't enough clerks on duty. To give you credit, just as we were leaving a young clerk came up to us from the back and asked if there was anything he could help us with. You know we are hard on the youth these days, but at least this kid over looked what we were wearing and took us for what we were, customers.

So Harry Rosen, if I was reading this I would make some drastic changes, as you never know who has money and who doesn't and what they maybe wearing into your store shouldn't dictates how you serve them. To let you know, we spent $1,500 on shirts an ties at Val Bergs, came back to Calgary and spent $4,200 at Nordstroms, and another suit for $1,200. So maybe that is nothing for you guys, but  I wore the same jeans on purpose to these locations and had no problems.