I drove 85 miles to check out the car I was interested in at VIP.  They had a low mileage version of one of the two possible cars I was looking for, advertised at a reasonable price.  When I got there the car was just as advertised, in very nice condition. The price was as advertised, and they even reduced it slightly to bring it a bit closer to the optimal price that I had found in my research, which wasn't far off of their original asking price anyway. The final clincher for me was that they didn't even bat an eye when I said I wanted to take the car to my mechanic for a thorough once-over before making a decision. Their answer was "Of course. No problem at all" even though my mechanic was back in my home town 85 miles away and taking the car to him would mean a 170 mile round trip journey and keeping it over night.  And when I got it to my mechanic he went all the way through it and couldn't find a thing wrong with it - gave it his top seal of approval!     All aspects of the entire process went as smoothly and uneventfully as they possibly could, the people were great to deal with, and I got a great car to boot. Who could ask for anything more? Despite their distance from my home I suspect VIP will be my first stop for all future car purchases, especially since they say they can find me whatever I'm in the market for at the moment.   

Some background on why this transaction was especially appreciated: I was looking for a used manual transmission Honda Civic or Mazda3 for under $10K.  Manual transmission cars are getting progressively harder to come by as America loses the art of driving them and finding decent ones in that price range has become even more difficult. Many of the more reputable of the big corporate dealerships no longer even bother to resell cars in that range, so when looking for one I'm finding myself ever more frequently dealing with less reliable dealerships than I've done in the past - experiencing a variety of "bait and switch" gambits, mandatory price add-ons for services I have no interest in, and time  wasting trips to test drive vehicles that are in such bad shape that I'm reluctant to even drive them off the lot.  One of my most basic criteria for even venturing out to see a car (especially one in this price range) is whether the dealership/owner will let me take it to my mechanic for a full once-over before committing to the purchase. That request is almost always met with reluctance and assurances that the dealerships cars have all been thru a full overhaul and are in excellent shape. A few dealerships will eventually agree to have their employee drive the car to my mechanic; a very very few will let me take the car to the mechanic myself; the vast majority of them won't allow an off-site  mechanic's review at all,  leaving me feeling like they don't believe their car will pass my mechanics full inspection.  A dealership that is selling cars in this price range that are in such great shape that they have absolutely no hesitancy about letting a potential buyer drive a long distance in one of their cars and an outside mechanic take his time examining it is a real find and something to hold onto!