Worst dermatologist experience I've had, same for my husband, 2 negative reviews in 1. 
Both of us grew up at the beach surfing & playing water sports, we go to dermatology appointments frequently for checkups & have been doing so our entire adult lives, upon moving to this area we tried out GCD 1st, huge mistake. With my appointment an employee with very little training proceeded to numb the inside of my ear with a large needle, it did not go well, I've never experienced anyone other than a Dr. numb me like that & in such a sensitive area, my expectations where that Dr Hamill would do this, in any case she fumbled it & had to try & try again. Finally the Dr came in, made a cut, then the employee patched me up, by the next day I had unusual pain in the area, I called GCD & they told me "put some Vaseline on it"  I did as told, but next morning was still experiencing unusual pain. I've had incisions before, not my 1st rodeo, & you know when something isn't right. Not trusting them further I went to see my primary care Dr. who had to prescribe strong antibiotics to cure the infection I got from GCD. I decided I would never have GCD treat me again, but kept my follow up appointment with them, so that I could tell Dr. Hamill how disappointed I was in the service they provided & how much they failed in treating me. He wasn't expecting that & tried to steer the conversation away from me but I persisted, his usual, much older patients are not as bold. In the end I wound up with an unprofessional medical experience, a horrible infection & a permanent visible cut in my ear that looks as if someone used a small melon scooper to take out a small non cancerous growth, no finesse. He actually took out cartilage for no reason. 
Husband had a problem with a growth in his leg, Dr. Hamill treated this with all the skill of a horse vet from ancient times. That's right, we refer to Dr Hamill as a bad horse vet. Husbands leg incision & unskilled stitching also needed primary care Dr. visits & strong antibiotics! It's really bad luck that we went to this place on the same day or we could have avoided 2 fiascos. 
Another observation: after giving the Dr. a piece of my mind (^see above^) I entered the waiting area, I observed that all of the folks were quite a bit older, easier to take advantage of in my opinion. 2 spouses were accompanying partners that were in severe pain (not follow up visits, help me visits) after surgeries from Dr. Hamill & staff. Not a good advert for anyone seeking professional medical attention. Dr. Hamill appears to be in this for the wrong reasons. 
From unqualified staff to a Dr. running a business & NOT a real practice to help patients, one that pays NO attention to details, that hires "assistants" that perform medical procedures that are NOT qualified to do so, run away & fast from this Dr., these clinics, these assistants! 
BTW the front desk employees are very nice & this has nothing to do with them, one of them actually told me how awesome it was that I stood up to the Dr., she had to speak quietly but it's obvious that she knows what's up here, she simply needs the job. There are many fine dermatologists in the area, ask around & find the best you can, you deserve it.