With all of the good reviews for this place I feel bad that I have to write this however I do believe in being honest when I visit a retailer and then review it on yelp.

Before I went into the store I contacted Harley Davidson in another city to get preapproved for a motorcycle. I was approved for "almost anything on the floor "however at the time I wasn't ready to make the purchase. I Hopped on my BMW motorcycle and started my trip. The first couple days into my trip and I was really hurting, I wanted to stop by the Harley Davidson dealership to see if they had any specials going. 

On July 7, 2016 I decided to go into Chester's Harley-Davidson in Reno which was where I happened to be at that time. When I walked into Chester's Harley-Davidson I noticed a gray street glide on the floor which caught my eye. I decided to stand next to the bike and wait for a sales person to help me. I was waiting for a sales person to stop over however none ever did. There was an older gentleman with gray hair sitting at his desk typing on his phone, there was a younger gentleman in a gray shirt who was helping somebody else at first but then seemed to have disappeared for a little while. I stood next this bike for about 10 or 15 minutes and watched all of the sales people's walk around, type on their phones, and talk to each other however not one of them acknowledged me.

Since I was already approved through Harley Davidson finance I thought this would be an easy trip I could walk in with my bike and walk out with my first Harley Davidson ever. I am not sure why they chose to ignore me standing next to spike for 10 to 15 minutes with no other customers in the store. Maybe it's because I pulled in on the sport bike, maybe it's because I didn't look like I had money? I know it probably doesn't make a difference to a big dealer like this but ignoring a customer standing next to a bike for 10 to 15 to the point where they walk out and lose a sale really is not good for business as you can imagine.

The only reason I gave them two stars instead of one is because I went to the service department and A gentleman there acknowledged me immediately so I said I wanted to leave some feedback. I told him what was going on and he said he can go get a manager and make it right. I chose not to do that because the sales person that would sell me the bike would be the same person that ignored me the entire time. So if it was not for the service department nobody in the store would've acknowledged my entire existence the entire time I was there.