I chose Nashville Roofing Company based off of online reviews, so I feel its fair to leave my own.  They were cheaper than everyone else, and there is a good reason for that... they do nothing extra other than replace shingles.  I'm not necessarily unhappy with the new shingles on my roof, but I would have liked for the water damaged wood to have been replaced.  They give a written quote for ONLY replacing shingles and possibly gutters, and a verbal quote for the part they don't end up doing. Their deal on wood replacement is if wood truly needs to be replaced, they will replace it and simply add that onto the cost later...  but it seems that it would have to be totally rotten and falling apart for them to replace it.  Replace water damaged fascia board?... sure, they will tell you that they will replace it and add on extra cost if necessary (as they don't put that in the written contract)... but they replace nothing, although don't charge you for it.  But that's their thing, they will give you a quote for what they are willing to do, and then do that, and absolutely nothing extra.  If all of your wood is fine, you truly just need shingles replaced, they do that.  But don't expect anything else at all to be done - this was the case for two of my neighbors, as well.  Only one choice for gutters, as well, the large ones that do not come with gutter guard.  None of this would have kept me from choosing them if all I truly needed were replaced shingles, but since we needed wood replaced, I'm wishing I had chosen another company, even if they charged a little more.

Also, LOTS of roofing nails were left around the outside of our house, and work that had been done to the landscape was trampled on and left in a mess.  There is also a large area of wood that I was told would be replaced that separated two of the levels of my roof that looks aweful, that now I have to find someone else to replace it.  I simply don't like to be led to believe that something will be done when it won't.  During our conversation about what would be done, we were told they'd buy us dinner if we left an honest online review - I guess when you have to face someone after leaving a negative review, most people probably won't leave that negative review.  I didn't ask about dinner, I prefer to be free to be honest.  My suggestion is that if you truly only need shingles replaced, they are fine for that, but be very very careful getting up all the roofing nails from your yard.