This will be a long as the situation I was placed in was so upsetting I feel it warrants a total explanation.
I called 3 weeks in advance to make an appt & obtained a quote from Mike to replace my timing belt-about 4 hrs and $400. This was $400 less than the quote I had received in my town. I was told that they needed the car all day because of the extensiveness of the work to be done and they closed at 4 on Saturdays so we made the appointment for 10. I told him I would be driving 3 hrs to Reno to stay the night before and that I needed to have it done that day because I would be driving home the next day. At this point, there was never any recommendation that I get a Timing Belt Tensioner or Water Pump done on the car as well. My car had over 100K miles on it and all I knew was that you're supposed to replace the belt so it doesn't break and ruin your engine.  
I drove up with some friends to Tahoe and dropped the car off at the shop at 10 am the next day while my friends went skiing. I was told again, that it would take about 4 hrs to do all the work. I asked if they would call me if there were any problems and when it was done. I went in to town to wait for my car.  
At 2:30 I called the shop, as I had not received a phone call. I was then told that they recommend replacing the Tensioner and Water Pump while they're already in replacing the Timing Belt. I inquired as to how much longer that would take-knowing I needed to get my friends so we could drive the 3 hrs home. 30 mins later I received a call back from the shop with an estimate-it was going to be another $350 and I was told it takes about 30 mins extra to do the work. Not planning on having to spend $750 on replacing my Timing Belt (and wondering if the $800 estimate I got in my town included all of this), I was a little reluctant. They called me back 5 mins later, which gave me time to research online and find out that you should replace all the parts together, so I agreed. This was just after 3. Knowing they closed in an hour, I assumed it would just take the additional 30 mins to complete my car.  
At 5:10 I called them. I knew they closed at 4 and was confused as to why I hadn't heard from them. At 5:40, I got to the shop and was told my car was not done. I made it clear that I needed my car, as I had people in Tahoe waiting on me and that we had to go back home for work the next day. I was then told about a parts mix up. Apparently, the parts place had brought over a "Kit", containing the Tensioner and Water Pump and that there was no Tensioner in it-not once but twice. So the shop was then unable to find a Tensioner for my car, I assume partly because it was too late for most part stores to be open. They wanted to keep my car until Monday which I couldn't do because of all the people I had waiting on me and I'd be stuck in Reno for 2 more days. At this point, I just wanted my car back and told them I didn't care if the work was done or not. I was informed that my car was apart and that they had already done the Belt and I believe the Pump. So they asked if I wanted the car back without a new Tensioner and I told them I guess I had no choice.  
After 20 mins, Mike informed me that they were almost done with another lady's car because there was a parts issues with her car as well and that mine would take 30 mins after they completed hers. I started feeling very anxious as I felt trapped there. Another hour went by and they still weren't done with her car. I kept explaining that I had people waiting on me and that I needed my car, but apparently they weren't going to work on my car until they finished hers (she was local and rode her bike there). I then questioned Mike as to why, if it is standard practice to replace them all at the same time, would they wait until they've had the car for 4  1/2 hrs and the work was supposed to be done before asking me if I wanted to replace items that weren't broken but, like the belt, should be replaced before they break? I questioned him as to why they didn't already have the parts there since they knew I was coming in from out of town to have the work done. It seemed very unprofessional and irresponsible. They didn't even call me to ask me, I had to call them after 4  1/2 hrs. If I had said no to those repairs, I would have gotten my car and been on my way, but they made it sound like it would take only 30 mins more to have the car done. At 8 they were just finishing with the other lady's car. At this point, I asked them to be honest with me and let me know exactly how long it would take to finish my car-again 30 mins. By 9, I was feeling sick to my stomach as I started feeling like I was being held hostage there. I had no way to leave as my car was still apart. My anxiety level was very high. At 10:45, after 13 hours, I finally got my car back-no tensioner, no discount (and no response to my numerous emails later). This was in Jan and I'm STILL upset. Absolutely awful experience and customer service.