If I could do it again, I'd definitely go with another property. They threw me into an apartment as soon as the resident left, despite the fact that I had told the front office I was in no rush to move-in but would be more than happy to put money down to hold my place. They obviously just wanted one more lease and they've made my first couple of months here very clear-that's all I am to them is another lease. 

I walked into an apartment on move-in day with paint all over the cabinet handles and the floor in the kitchen as well as the bathrooms (from careless and in-a-rush contractors). The bathroom was disgusting and my bathtub couldn't be used for the first week I was here because they hadn't even had time to seal the bathtub-which the maintenance men made me aware that it would have been completed beforehand, had the front office not rushed them into flipping this apartment. The floors were also peeling to the point I had to hold off movers. Even after such a huge inconvenience they were quick to communicate that everything would be taken care over. I decided not to terminate my lease and to stick around, however if I could've known what a hassle living at this property would be; I would've hit the ground running. Since move in (only two months ago) and the issues they had to fix right away, I've had cabinets and drawers fall off the hinges, pest issues dues to poor sealing, broken shower faucet, the toilet has overflown, the tub plug fell out, my dishwasher and my sink have both leaked through the kitchen. It's truly a nightmare. 

***I'll say the only reason I haven't completely lost it, is because EVERY SINGLE maintenance person is polite, apologetic, timely, and genuinely just nice-especially with the number of maintenance request I have to put in. 

On top of issues of the outdated and cheaply built apartments, you will have to deal with unpleasant ladies in the front office who are genuinely disinterested in any concerns or questions that you, as a resident, may have. I'll leave it at that.