This Avis and Budget car rental location can be found on bottom floor of The Bellevue Hotel, by the food court. 

While visiting Philadelphia, my husband and I decided that we wanted to rent a car for a road trip out to New Jersey to visit some of my relatives. My husband picked Budget since they seemed to have the cheapest prices on line a month before renting. Also to help save money on a car rental, we opted of renting from the airport. 

When we came in, we spoke with an employee behind the counter. He gave us the keys after taking car of paper work. He told us that we have to take the elevator in the parking structure to the 6th floor and walk to the back and find our car rental, based on the parking spot number. This is rather an odd set up since the car is not next to the office, list most other car rental locations. Anyways, we were off to find our car and to our surprise, there were numerous of large scratches on the white car rental that we were given. My husband called the car rental and told the employee that there were several large scratches on this car and we want to have record that it is noted on the car so that we do not get charged for these damages that we did not do. At first the employee (same one who checked us in earlier) said it was fine, but my husband was insistent and wanted something in writing. So we waited for the employee to come.

Eventually the employee came and he marked on a paper where all of the scratches were on the rental prior to renting. It did surprise me that the employee did seem surprised by the scratches too. 

While we had our car rental, the service light was on (it was on from the beginning when we turned the car on, before leaving the hotel). The car rental in general just seemed minimally taken care of. 

After 4 days, we returned the car to the same spot in the parking structure and walked back down to the car rental to return the keys. After we left, I came back here 5 minutes later because I decided I wanted to use the restroom. The restrooms are down the hall not too far from this location, however it was locked. I asked the employee (again, the same employee we had been working with from when we rented the car to returning it) for the code. He told me that I had to go upstairs and ask security for the code. I told him that I just spent a few hundred renting a car from him and asked him why wouldn't he give me the code? He seemed surprised and then gave me the code and then I left and I was able to get in (please note that the code also works for the men's restroom since my husband ended up wanted to use the restroom as well and I had told him when I walked back upstairs in the Bellevue Hotel lobby where he was waiting for me with our dog). 

I did not like that the employee was hesitant to come to us when we were at the car rental to mark the scratches that were already on the car before driving away. I also thought it was unnecessary for the employee to withhold the bathroom code when I was clearly a customer of his business. If he did not want me to have the code, he should have just gotten up and open the restroom door for me. 

Overall, this location was just convenient to where we were staying. But the customer service was just average.