Reno Running Company is an excellent place to buy running shoes and other accoutrements. I have been buying shoes here since I moved to town three years ago. As a new person to town, the directions to it were simple and clear: drive to the Summit. I've always received friendly service, and the selection of trail and running shoes is top notch.

When I was in graduate school, I worked part-time at a running shoe store and learnt how to determine whether someone overpronated or had neutral fit and how to size shoes properly. I've observed employees doing a great job helping customers learn about what kind of running shoes best suit their gait. I know that my feet are neutral, but every other pair of shoes I buy I have the staffperson who is helping me do the full analysis just to make sure that my feet biomechanics aren't changing with age.

Running shoes are expensive, but our feet support our bodies and it's worth it to buy shoes that are designed for running. I tell the employee who is helping me that I'd like to buy a pair under $110. Once I bought the last season's model of a $110 pair for $55 here! Never have I had a staffperson try to get me to buy a more expensive pair. Good job!

Say you want to buy a cute article of clothing immediately before going to your date's house to go for a hike. I know from experience that one can do that here and be reasonably assured beforehand that there will be something flattering in your size!

I'm almost settled in town enough that I'm ready to make running friends and commit to group runs. Reno Running Company has a regular store run on Sunday morning at 8 am, and earlier this spring they also had a store run at 6 pm on Thursdays. I went to one and had a great run, and I always see the folks on Sunday morning when we are heading out or coming back from getting donuts. Next time I'm actually ready to change my routine and add a group run, it will be with the store. Maybe one day I'll have my life in order enough to train with the Sierra Endurance Sports team!

Extra high five to the dude with the beard who works here. He is hella funny and charming and always does a great job helping me find a cheap but awesome pair of running shoes!