I really want to like this place but idk how to feel.

I've been a patient here since I moved to Philadelphia and only have had to have cleanings/X-Rays done. The location is VERY convenient as it's right on S. Broad Street.

I like that the office is refreshingly modern, with good lighting, a decent size waiting space with a TV, and the receptionists are pretty friendly (though a bit aloof as far as answering questions.) Also, they have a good reminder service of letting you know about any upcoming appointment(s) (via text, email, phone call, post card - it's actual a bit much, but you definitely get the message...multiple times.)

In my previous visits, I have inquired about this office's thoughts on some procedures my previous dentist had planned for me prior to my move. This office wasn't keen on the same plans, which is fine since each clinician has their own take on care, but I also felt they were concentrating on upselling their services not covered by insurance (such as teeth whitening kits, etc.) It was just odd to shift the focus of the conversation to options that would make them more money. 

During my last visit, I showed up to my 4:20pm appointment on time, and had to wait an additional 25 minutes before being called back to a chair. The hygienist was apologetic about the wait so I let that go, but it was a bit annoying to have to sit around for that long. The cleaning went smooth, and I was due for X-Rays, so those were completed without much to-do. 

At the end of the visit, I was charged a co-pay! This was not expected since all preventative care (i.e. cleanings and X-Rays) are 100% covered by my dental plan. I asked the receptionist on where the copay pricing was coming from and she explained that their office was a Premier office and my plan was PPO only. I had done my due diligence and made sure that the office was in the my dental plan's network and all preventative care would be covered 100% by the dental plan so the copay was surprising. I was confused by the receptionist's explanation, so I pushed for a better understanding, but ultimately she wasn't really conveying any more detail that made sense. I paid the price (as the copay wasn't exorbitant) just to move the process along and since the conversation was happening amongst other patrons, it wasn't exactly the most comfortable environment to go over financials. 

A few weeks go by, and I receive a check in the mail from the office -
made out to me for the price of the copay I paid earlier and an apology letter on charging me inappropriately. I was grateful for this follow through, and called them right away to not only confirm that I received their payment, but more-so to see if I can get someone on the phone that would be able to explain better on their billing (as I never really got an explanation initially.) After being passed around a few times over the phone, the gist of the conversation boiled down that the office doesn't really know what the insurance will pay until payment from the insurance is received...so why charge a copay on site if you're unsure of how much the insurance will be paying you? 

In the end I made a follow up appointment while still on the phone (and confirmed that I won't be charged a co-pay at the new visit), and plan to ask in person about their billing practices - not holding out hope on getting an answer that makes sense, but my curiosity is winning out. I like the care I'm receiving, the location is really convenient, and if anything I'll be gaining some education on the behind the scenes of billing at a dental office (I know - really invigorating stuff.) 

Lesson learned to just be vigilant and ask questions on what this practice is charging for - as it appears they seem to be confused themselves on their own accounting practices.