I will give this place 2 stars because the first time I went, the Hygienist (Hispanic lady, I forgot her name) was awesome and maybe if I had chose a different dentist I would still come here. The second Hygienist I had here was very unprofessional, very unprepared. Didn't like the work that Dr. Bethany Thomas did at all. My filling feels very uneven and rough. Another dentist there thought so too and told me to come back for a charge-free visit to get it fixed because she didn't want to steal her colleague's business. When I came back in for Dr. Thomas to fix my tooth, I waited an hour for a one minute, rushed conversation with Dr. Thomas about fixing the filling she did for me months prior.  she told me I needed a crown, in which I most certainly do not need. Then they tried to charge me for the visit on my way out. I wont ever be coming back here.

UPDATE:

I'm taking back one star because of all the hassle i've had to go through because of Dr. Thomas's poor dental work. I went home for the holidays and I was lucky enough to go to the dentist I had from childhood and she explained to me how Dr. Bethany Thomas didn't properly seal my tooth and that the work looked uneven and this is why my tooth was catching so much food. She also explained that i had slight decay under the filling because it wasn't sealed properly. She got rid of a portion of the filling that was not satisfactory and I don't have any extra food getting caught in my teeth anymore, no more pain, nothing! :) She explained to me that newer dentists in big chains are sometimes pressured for time and they are more likely to make errors because of the constant pressure. I believe this because she didn't seal my filling properly and my dentist at home took an X-ray and confirmed that there was a leak in the seal and she was also shocked when I told Bright now Dental that my tooth still hurt months after the filling that they didn't even bother to take an xray to make sure everything was okay. The staff manager there was very rude to me as well. I tried to explain to her that I had been calling for the past year and they had been telling me that it was normal to experience pain up to a year! She also told me the X-rays that she looked at, of my filling, "looked fantastic" and she was certain the filling was perfect...funny thing is, they never took any X-rays after my filling...so how in the world does she know what my filling looks like now!? I'm am researching how to report this chain to the ADA because Dr. Thomas needs to monitored more closely. I had to spend an extra 150 bucks to correct her error..not cool at all. ALSO, I asked my childhood dentist if I needed a crown, and she just laughed and said, "no."