This is the most unique venue I've visited in a long time, and I mean that in a good way. 

We heard about CLB by chance, in a comment by our server at Cleveland-Heath, who told us his parents used to dance there.  A little research brought up some fun videos about CLB history (a long list of celebrity entertainers) and current events (lots of fun dance options for Therese H.). So I decided I'd earn some good-husband points and take her here for swing dancing as part of our wedding anniversary bash. 

We parked in the lot across the street to the west ($5 for the night). We were greeted by servers who happened to be at the door, walked up the stairs and met the manager ($10/each admission), found a table, and put in our order for drinks and popcorn.  Miss Jubilee and the Humdingers warmed up, and the place soon filled with people who appeared to range from age 18 to 80.  A little after 8:00 PM, a pair of instructors stood at a mike near the stage, and called us out for a swing dance lesson. The lesson was fun, all based on rhythm and examples.  Though I was lost after about the fourth dance variation, I had learned enough to get me going. When the lesson stopped, Miss Jubilee and the Humdingers took over, and there was non-stop fun for a long time.  Every now and then we took a break for drinks and popcorn (servers and friendly and stopped by our table often) or restrooms (upstairs in the balcony area).  We enjoyed people-watching too, lots of great dresses and shoes and such.  We might have to find Therese H. a retro dress for the next visit.

For those of you who really, really want to go, but can't get the spouse/significant other to agree, tell him/her that you don't have to dress up, as we saw some people in relatively casual attire, and I don't think anyone thought less of them for it. It helps if you are someone who is at least comfortable enough to move at your typical wedding reception/ high school dance, but you don't need previous knowledge about swing dancing. In John H. vernacular, the rhythm is basically 1,2,3; 1,2,3; quick, quick. If you can move to that rhythm at least a little bit, you'll be fine. While Therese H. would dance a solo for thousands (and has), I'm a little more self-conscious than that, and was grateful for a crowd on the dance floor to camouflage my mistakes. Really, tell your potential dance partner that there are so many people, you can find your own dim 5'x5' area, and no one else is going to notice.  

Check out the CLB website, and search for videos on youtube and its facebook page. You'll see the fun you've been missing.