I went here b/c I have heard great things about it. As a disclaimer, I have never before had someone else wash inside or outside of car besides a bunch of cheerleaders or church youth groups for charity, so I am probably way off for what you get for $17. 

I normally clean out my car myself, but it takes time... and energy, the latter being hard to come by for me these days. I am going on a trip tomorrow and I had to get a few things done, I got my tires aligned and then I needed it cleaned... 

It is my fault for waiting till the last minute, but I got distracted by other pre-trip things and so I remembered and called first at 5 pm to get their hours and basic prices... still $17 for a full service and open till 6 on weekdays. I double checked that if I came before 5:30 I would be okay and was told that it would be fine. 

It is really confusing the first time around, and 9 out of the 10 workers are hispanic, with one older white guy helping (owner?) that kinda stuff didnt bother me, they were all nice though most didnt speak... I kinda felt rushed (obviously they want to be done for the day) but maybe I should have done the $30 interior cream too to have been more satisfied. 

I was pleased that they take the time to wash with brushes before the automatic carwash and then I came around, but I only had a minute towel dry (still nice) but nothing like the previous posters 'what the automatic missed'

Then I came to the vacuum section and they did that in about 2-3 minutes tops (and I have a dog, and so there is hair unfortunately... a lot of hair). 

The pulled my car around and started the inside which I thought, "Man they are really doing a great job!" Because they looked like they were getting into every nook and cranny, doing the entire door etc.. This took maybe 5-7 minutes. 

I got in and intially was mostly pleased, everything was wiped down it looked like... and I guess my car just really needed the cream to blend in some sratches and some dull areas b/c by the time I got home, a lot of it still looked dirty. 

I ended up having to go back through and use a wet wash cloth to try and get the rest of the hair (which is fine, they wont get it all) but there was still dirt in the creases of the seats and that kinda bummed me out (you know like sand granules and stuff). I also found some old armole wipes and used what was left of them to go back through and oil my plastic  interior , which took care of my scrathes and dull areas. 

It was nice to get it done quickly and the windows REALLY needed for me the best part was being able to see out them again :) 

Im not sure if i will go back... I think I will probably just save up energy and take the time I normally do to clean out my car.