On Sunday 16, 2017 My Wife and I went to that place to drink a beer, smoke a cigarette, eat a little and have a good time.
We are a regular couple 15+ years marriage with 2 kids and on ours early 40's
I got an important phone call, so to hear the conversation better I step out and talk in the parking lot; when I came back I notice there was a gate near to our table and I attempt to open it. I notice it was tie down with Zip Ties, so I went around and enter using the main door. We were sitting outside, finishing our first beer and eating chicken wings when a very big and tall bouncer came to our table claiming that I can not do that and we have to cash out.
He told to us that the "his" bouncer saw me jumping the fence and because of it we need to leave; and that had been of a problem for them resulting in lawsuits, so we need to leave or else... We could not believe ourselves, our escape little night was ruined by a misunderstanding and they did not gave us the chance to even try to proof that I did not Jump that fence to enter, they were extremely rude to me and my wife, bouncers star pouring to the scene and the situation turn really tense and hostility from then escalate towards Us.We demand to talk to the manager and reach to the video from cameras installed at the front door so I can prove I did not jump that fence. They instead told us that they do not have time for this and continued harassing us to leave. My wife was very scare and at that moment I realize that it would be impossible to attempt a civilized dialog with them. 
Those actions were an act of public humiliation to us, however it clearly shows what kind of people they are.
Definitely we are not coming back to that place, I understand that in that bar a lot of juvenile people hang out there and some may attempt to do stupid stuff. 
That is not Our case and: Come on Man! To make that story up on me, harass patrons, and scare people like that is uncalled for. For More I try to wrap my mind about it I can't. 
So We do not want anything from you, I just Hope that clown of self called manager, who ruin our evening to be at least man enough and check on the video recording from the camera and once they realize that I was telling the truth which is: I DID NOT JUMP THAT FENCE! take a deep breath and put the nicest of faces for the people that put you there as bouncer as a reminding that you will go nowhere from there!
Sundays included.