So a couple of questions firstly what 's his favorite all-time live album answer live after death from Iron Maiden and the greatest of all time song What 's Going On by Marvin Gaye ? What a contrast that Bruce Dickinson and Marvin Gaye only time you 'll ever hear those two names in the same sentence as where there are features on that Bebop Deluxe and one of my favorite bands of recent times rival sons who recently signed up with Atlantic Records and if that is n't an endorsement of potential than I do n't know what it is. I saw them play. support to Black Stone Cherry a few years about what a great night that was talking about Federal roots and what it means I was particularly struck actually buy this summing up of what Farrell Roots actually means to them and what they mean by it we live they say in a technologically sophisticated Global Community everybody clamoring for your attention and the further you get into this Logan 's Run world , the more attractive the jungle will seem to you Several routes is about keeping one hand on the Mystic about keeping a link to the past as you move into the future. Well , it 's taken the Rival Sons knocking on to a decade to get to where they are these days and then there 's greater than Fleet. They 've played together since they were kids for years. But since any crowd Wild playing as a support with a Foo Fighters , they 've gone from nowhere to everywhere in Under two years through they 've got signed by a major label who really have got behind them and they 've had that number three billboard album Anthem of the peaceful Army and it also charted at number 12 in the UK add on to that 36 million streams of Highway tune and another 150 million streams on Spotify and you can see that this is a band that is clearly going places. What ? There is a sizable element. They said who are against them the main argument they do n't bring anything new and they sound too much like Led Zeppelin will just hold on a damn minute. They 're so what the fact that in 2019 that we 've got a new band who are producing great music should be a cause for Joy , especially in such a Barren landscape so into the haters and the dislike as if you do n't like it simply. Do n't listen turn it off. There 's also two very good features one on Motorhead the other on Thunder now the 50 best aor albums of all time and here is where then the arguments will commence so firstly aor what 's it stand for well suppose. It depends where you come from