After I had Pure come out to estimate a new system for my home, I got an automated email asking for my feedback, offering a $25 visa gift card for sending it to them directly. Since I'd already written my original review of my experience with the company here, I figured why not share the same with them directly and get some lunch out of the deal. 

I candidly shared the experience I had with Joe, linked to my Yelp review, and told them even if price was the same, I still couldn't have chosen them simply based on the salesmanship. 

A few days ago an envelope from Pure came in the mail. It had the $35 Visa card in it, but it also came with a handwritten note from Bryce, who I assume is a regional manager for the area. The note was personalized to my experience (pictured) and mentioned the specific feedback I shared about the overly confident salesperson. Most importantly though, the letter acknowledged that the experience I had was not up to their standards, and that the feedback I provided was going to be used to improve their process so future customers won't have the same happen to them.

In the letter Bryce candidly addressed the fact that there's a fine line between confident and cocky, and that the sales organization should always remember that the customers have afforded the company the privilege of coming into their homes to quote. 

I'm changing my overall rating to four stars because of these acknowledgments. The original review reflects my actual experience with one salesperson, and it was shared in holes the feedback would prove helpful to the business. Knowing the feedback was received tells me that this company actually does care about their customer's experience, and I value that a whole heck of a lot.

Coincidentally a few days before this note arrived I'd gotten a call from a community friend who had recently started working for them looking to earn my business. I haven't made any moves on the new system yet, and I'd happily chat with Chris Lombardo if he called again, especially if he could be more competitive on the pricing.