If you are an experienced rider, SAVE YOUR MONEY; you will be VERY disappointed with their parody of trail riding. First of all, TVGR misrepresented themselves in telling my husband and I that (as previous guests that were returning within a one-year period) we would not be required to retake the lope test. The old bait & switch! It was not until we checked in that we were told "sorry, our policy has changed." At first, this did not seem like too big a deal since both of us had passed on the first attempt in Feb. of 2105 and we reasonably expected the test to be just a minor inconvenience.

As background, I am an Arizona native that has been riding Western (in addition to English, Dressage and POLO!) alone in the desert (loping and-gasp-galloping) by myself since childhood (since I was 6 years old; for 44 years). My husband, (who ironically is English) on the other hand, has ridden all of ten times in his entire life and admits he has barely a clue what he's doing. Well apparently, we all need to sign up for lessons from him because he passed on the first time and I failed twice. I refused to take the test a third time and give the twisted barn manager a chance to fail me again after it became quite clear that there was nothing I could do to pass.

TVGR says they are extra diligent because "safety, safety, safety, yahta, yahta, yahta," but the ultimate irony in that statement is that guests are NOT required to wear helmets, which is  undeniably the most surefire way to prevent injury or death when falling off a horse. (I know this because, yes, I have fallen off a horse and that's what helmets are for....) Anyway, after doing a little online research, it is all over the internet that this Dee apparently has problems with "a certain kind of woman." So be sure to kiss her ass and pretend you don't know what your doing. If you go into the test with confidence and, GOD FORBID, are wearing English riding clothes, trust me: you are screwed!

In conclusion, TVGR is not a "dude ranch," but a "dud ranch." Be especially careful to hide it if you have ridden English or Dressage. Dee lives to try to take you down a notch or two. The guy wranglers (Jake, Travis, Chad) are all pretty cool but I think they are afraid of her and cowtow to her; they won't dare oppose this power-tripping chick to pass you so don't thing just having guy wranglers for your test will help. In my case, she galloped out to personally fail me in my second test even though she had not seen ANY of it and I rode at least as well as the eight to ten other individual that passed. She gets a really weird satisfaction out of failing "a certain kind of woman," which apparently, I am.

I talked to the Assistant General Manager Rich Lopez as well as the Head Wrangler JR and, while somewhat sympathetic, they really don't care what you say; they ain't gonna go mano a mano with this chick. But please don't take my word for it. Do some research and google "Lope Test Tanque Verde" and see for yourself. Apparently, it's a common thing for this little miscreant to split people up and ruin their vacations. Several guests that had been there previously told me stories about past times when she wouldn't "give the nod" to experienced riders who were penalized for having riding experience in other disciplines. I could have taken the test bareback, at a full gallop, using my horse for breastworks while shooting arrows into a moving target and she would have failed me. "Sorry Geronimo, you suck, you need to ride a Shetland pony while your mama leads you around the arena." Sitting Bull? "Let's start you on a mini, and see if we can get you up to speed with one of our Intermediate Horsemanship Lessons."

Did I mention that we spend nearly $1,000 on this vastly unpleasant trip (lured there under false pretenses by the one year guarantee), which was supposed to be a Birthday Celebration Trip as well as a Victory trip for my husband surviving metastatic ocular melanoma? Did I enjoy this money sucking disappointment of a vacation? Not even once did we get to ride together outside the arena, therefore spending almost NO time together on what was supposed to be a trip to relax, celebrate and make happy new memories. The only high points were "Peanut," the Mountain Bike Guide, who is a little serious but very sweet and ultimately a good guy and  a wonderful female wrangler, JW. JW was a breath of fresh air, sweet and sincere-sans weird jealousy hang-ups or funky power trips. She was pure light and positive energy. Probably won't last long in that environment.

Remember, you have choices. I'd look into the White Stallion Guest Ranch, where the Yelp Reviews are pretty stellar and there is probably a lack of ARBITRARY BS lope tests.

And TVGR, if you really care about your guests safety as you say, have them use helmets. Total no brainer!