Going to the hospital, especially the ER isn't the funnest experience.  On Friday night about 1045 pm I started to experience some muscle tightening in my back which was reminiscent of something that had occurred two months ago when I ended up in urgent care with horrendous back spasms.  I took some muscle relaxers that I had from last time but they didn't kick in fast enough and I started to experience major pain so my hubby helped load me up to go to the ER. I knew this was a costly option compared to urgent care, but I didn't have a choice when that type of pain kicks in.  When I entered the ER I was embarrassingly crying and the check in lady (sorry didn't catch her name I couldn't really do anything but cry) was trying to be as nice as possible while trying to get the mandatory info from me.  Due to it being around 1115 pm luckily it was not too busy, and I was quickly greeted by my nurse (I think her name was Julie that is what was written on the board in my room) who actually walked all the way out into the waiting room to get me, offered me a wheelchair though It felt better to stand with assistance of Chris G.  I was quickly hooked up to a blood pressure cuff and a pulse ox reader by a different lady so I'm not sure if she was Julie but I didn't see her again.  I felt sick to my stomach from the pain and my nurse was so accommodating.  She treated me so nicely and didn't make me feel how I felt myself, silly for having to come to the ER for back pain.  Dr. West came in a little while later and also was very nice and also didn't make me feel foolish for my complaint.  He explained what we would be doing as far as testing goes and did a short physical exam on my reflexes.  About an hour after I took my muscle relaxers I started to feel better and could actually have a conversation.  Every time Julie would come to check on me she would say "hi beautiful" when she came in the room. I thought this was so sweet because it's midnight I'm tired, I'm in sweats and my hospital gown and a mask with messy hair, it just was a little extra boost of kindness.  

My blood pressure cuff was due to go off every 30 minutes, and it went off three times before we left.  We had to wait for test results of a urinalysis to make sure there wasn't a kidney stone.  The doctor ordered a shot for the pain, which Julie quickly and efficiently gave me in my arm, painless until the medication started going in which stung a little.  But worth it for sure to take the pain away. 

We were in a shared room but there was nobody else on the other side until about halfway into my stay.  They were loud but that has nothing to do with staff, and is just the way it is in hospitals I understand that. 

After the pain had gone to like a 5/10 I explained how mortified I was to Julie and the doctor about coming in for what turns out in their opinion (as well as urgent care two months ago) to be just muscle spasms. That sounds like the most ridiculous thing to me. Like how can a muscle spasm debilitate me?  They were both gentle and considerate telling me not to feel that way and that muscle spasms can be very serious.  Yes I guess they can because while it's happening i don't even recognize myself, a crying mess that can barely breathe or talk.  What they said made me feel a lot better, even though it still feels bizarre to say I was in the ER for back pain smh.  

I would prefer to go to urgent care due to cost, but my experience with my nurse and the doctor, and even front desk staff and how they helped me made the cost the least of my worries. 

Thank you all for treating me carefully and pleasantly when I was at my worst. (Especially Chris G for always taking the best care of me.)