I feel bad leaving this review because everyone at the office was really nice, but I picked this dentist out after reading the glowing reviews on yelp and it wouldn't be fair to other yelpers if i didn't leave feedback.

i went to coleman & turner when a ten-year-old bonding i'd had on my tooth (i don't know teeth names but it was one to the left of my two front teeth) came off three weeks before the bar exam, leaving me with 2/3 of a tooth.  it was strictly a cosmetic problem - i probably should have just left it til i could go home and see my family dentist, but under the stress from the bar exam little things become very big things and i decided that it HAD to be fixed right away.

dr. turner was able to get me in quickly and they took my insurance, both of which were great.  when i met him he was all smiles and asked me to explain the situation to him.  i told him the bonding had come off the one side of the tooth and he asked if the other side had ever been bonded.  i told him i didn't think so, but to do what he thought it needed - the most important thing to me was that the tooth looked like the one on the other side so my smile would still be symmetrical.  he said he understood and that it wouldn't be a problem.

however, when he finished the bonding a mere 15 minutes later, i was shocked to find that he had bonded both sides of the tooth way more than it had ever been before, with the result being my tooth was nearly twice as big as the one on the other side of my mouth.  i probably looked as horrified as i felt, because he asked if anything was wrong and when i told him, he agreed to fix it.  the second time he, again, finished in about 15 minutes.  this time was much better size-wise, but he didn't do a very good job polishing, and the surface of the bonding itself was very rough like sand.  then when i arrived home and had a chance to relax, i realized he had actually bonded my tooth to the tooth next to it, so there was no gap in between.  sloppy sloppy workmanship and the feeling of it literally drove me crazy for the next three weeks until i was able to go home and get it corrected.  

when i got home my family dentist was also shocked at the low quality workmanship and spent about an hour and a half replacing the bonding, polishing and shaping it perfectly.  (i'm not saying the more time it takes the better the results, but there was such a big disparity i probably should have known something was up when dr. turner only took 15 minutes.)  then of course when the bill came from my family dentist, the insurance wouldn't cover the procedure a second time, and i had to pay the $250 to fix dr. turner's work out of pocket.

in conclusion, dr. turner may be a great dentist if all you need is your teeth cleaned, but if you need ANYTHING more than that i'd say go someplace else - it's really not worth it being screwed up.