Fortunately for Foothills Fit Body Boot Camp, my finger muscles have not been worked as thoroughly as the muscles on the rest of my body, which is how I'm able to write this update to my last review.

Since husband and wife, Carol and Rob, have taken over Foothills FBB (and have opened another location - Rincon Fit Body Boot Camp) - the facility has changed. Gone are the private workout sessions and previous trainers, which have been replaced with more group workouts and warmly-encouraging trainers. Instead of feeling like a failure for almost passing out and not finishing that last burpee in a series of 30, I'm commended for attempting a "real pushup" instead of one off my knees.

Members are congratulated on personal milestones - "Way to go, Joanne, for doing three situps in a row!", and a new recruit's first class is always commemorated with a lighthearted group photo, despite the fact that some of us may feel that we can never smile again after the workout we've just had. 

There are enough personal goal challenges (ie. New Year New You) and group events (ie. Tucson Terrain Race, hiking) one can join to keep things interesting. And teambuilding is key, with every workout ending in a group rally around the "word of the week", which is always a positive word and not truly reflective of how one may feel after a FBB workout - "pain", "barely-able-to-stand", "stinky", and, "boy, is this gonna hurt tomorrow!"

While a good portion of the members may be new to working out and find the short-n-sweet, 30-minute calorie-torching sessions appealing, there are also many FBB alumni who have become stronger and fitter through the workouts and others who are already athletic and want to push themselves further. However, those who are new to working out will need to learn and practice proper form for some of the exercises, since the fast pace of the workouts and number of partcipants per class make it difficult for the coach to spot everyone all the time. Fortunately, each workout has a good mix of straightforward moves vs. weight-bearing exercises so even the newest newbie can easily perform some part of the workout without much guidance. Plus, modifications are always given for those who have physical issues.

Also thanks to the group's Facebook page, which is frequently updated with information, I can now rest assured that I won't be participating in a leg workout, after hiking up a steep mountain the previous day. The coming week's workouts are always posted the Sunday before and are divided between upper and lower body, so that each area gets some rest before the next session of pummeling. 

Finally, despite the fact that the FBB is a nationwide franchise that relies on getting new recruits, I've never had the sales pressure from Carol nor Rob. I'd probably put my membership on hold more times than I've screamed, "No more abs!", it's never fazed Carol. Whether as a standalone fitness program or one to supplement a current fitness program, Foothills FBB is a great option.