I do n't think I know the answer actually I 'd be interested to seeing like what what happened there and why that 's what happened but and how catfish got looped into the other side. That actually I do know okay , there was basically my understanding is that there were a lot of Vietnamese like cheap catfish Farmers that were propping a cropping up and they were like input exporting of stuff to America. And so like the FDA has in its Charter that needs to protect the Safety and Security of the American food supply. Whereas the USDA has that but also must protect American economic interests , so they shunted catfish over to the usda 's the USDA could basically create a system of my understanding is it 's like Tightened regulation and tariffs to basically support the. US. Cat farming industry and protect it from the Vietnamese one , which was operating with much lower costs. So yeah that I know but in terms of the actual split itself actually do n't but yeah aquaculture has not fulfilled its promise of taking the strain off of the oceans that is said in part of this because it 's hard to scale up Bishop like a long life cycle that the most efficient system we got right now in aquaculture is salmon. There are salmon in the water and you 're going to take about two years for them to Full Slaughter weight. So although every single year we 've increased aquaculture and actually 2016 I think was the first year where 50 % of the salmon even worldwide is from a farm , but we 've never been able to decrease the amount of wild caught fish that gets caught every year. We do n't know what the market cap is for like any Seafood every year we produce more and every year people just feed more. So a culture ca n't it seems ca n't scale up fast enough to meet that demand that actually takes drain off the oceans instead of waiting two years for an animal to grow to slaughter weight ourselves are like ready to go. Like we can see the bioreactor and then spin it up to full speed if like it 's a thousand leader bioreactor and harvest everything from it in about three weeks