First of all This particular location has often try to sell the rental car with the purpose of making more money other than getting from GEICO or somehow wanted to make money by hook or so... and do or wanted to make more money from everyone- the guy said i am a Billionaire- i am a millionaire at heart, otherwise i would not be working for Department of Defense. I do only good Karma otherwise I would not have Drjustkidding US trade patent to motivate and send only good notes for truly genuine, honest, ethical, upfront folks.
I have GEICO Insurance: This is related to Rental Agreement Summary
RA#:
Renter: 8CC6SW
SRIDHAR RANGASWAMY
Monday, January 27, 2020 10:31 AM CHARLESTON NORTH
8734 RIVERS AVE
NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29406-9211
(843) 572-8807

A. Till now they did not care - even though the amount was around 15 or 16 or 19 dollars i can't even remember- this is a long due -due to my travel and lot of deadlines i could not send earlier... 
B. They wanted to sell Equinox first
C. Then they said they do not have a car for GEICO's rate- this is regular statement - second or third time through GEICO insurance- (Whereas you can check I made through GEICO ten days ago and they called also to  1 843 323 1219 - you can check that calling from and using Verizon Tower Government phone.
D. Then they said they wanted to somehow upgrade or tell if they don't have a car- this was booked 10 days ago you can see the reservation -they are not honest first. They quietly took some money from my Bank account without my knowledge, then again, they took 50 dollars deposit all just within seconds
E. Above all they give their business card to get a good name, when you write to them, till now they did not care to respond -same way HQS keeps asking what is location whereas I have put the location against in Google review and Facebook -they don't care really... their service is not truthful, highly dishonest and lack of integrity they don't care to respond till now
F. Car had lot of issues, still they did not care to take actions or come and check - Actions and deeds will speak -this kind of dishonesty will not go a long way- what they do it will come back it is law of Newton's third law, or God is watching, law of Karma or what goes around comes around- they can play - it will show somewhere some place. Car's dashboard tells I don't need to tell it was showing it needs to change this and that - they wanted me to drive such a worst car and get money from me also other than getting from GEICO
G. Entire internet or world should know about their dishonesty, unethical practice and they write in Facebook to contact them when i write back they don't care to respond- they do not have time to check your details even though I had posted against the exact location- too busy or they think they are swamped even if you put in Google reviews or Facebook-they don't care to take action or work on it to find out why someone is telling-this is extremely rude and again they also practice unethical practices instead of telling they care for customers -selling on the slogans when you call them- not in action or deeds or practice- Highly unethical.
It is not the money; it is principle and customer service- i am with Hertz as Presidents circle i was not treated this way
I am a Lifetime Marriott Bonvoy Titanium Elite - nothing.... maybe few places like Sprint now after one time they resolve then now ...so no comments on that- but ERAC - Enterprise rent a car this location is totally not honest, nor ethical, nor integrity and play around heavily -they don't care and they don't respond including HQs in Google reviews or Facebook also. i cannot do or check those during working hours during working time due to security reasons and my work ethics it is late now 23:48 PM even though today i am in San Diego, CA