Edwards Greenhouse, shame on you! 
My sanctity every spring has been YOU!. I've been a faithful advocate for the locally-owned greenhouse for over 20 years. Each year I would look forward to the spring when the clouds open up, the sun comes out, and it's time to add bountiful, beautiful bouquets to new corners of my lawn, garden, and home. My daughter's looked forward to perusing your knick-knacks and purchasing a fresh flower and pot for their rooms,  filling the house with the joy we have always associated with Edwards Greenhouse. I, myself, could be found spending hours upon hours perusing your beautiful flowers, enjoying the aromas, the people, and the knowledge of your staff. In fact, yesterday, we did precisely that! We visited on a drizzly Wednesday when there was little to nobody there because of the rain. We felt so proud we were able to support our local economy and be a part of your story again this year. In fact, if I added up all the funding I've spent over the years to support this locally owned establishment, it would likely be in the $40,000 range. I'm not saying this to brag, yet simply because I want to emphasize the level of funding that has been kept local and also the money that has helped your family business grow and prosper. 
Today was a horrible day for me for two reasons, both of which are inexcusable!
1 - We went into Edwards Greenhouse like we have every other year/spring, with excitement in our hearts, happiness in our step, and eager to peruse, find new treasures, and take home a little bit of local beauty. I started loading up our cart with all sorts of beautiful flowers and putzing away at creating my masterpiece while the girls (9 and 11) went to peruse the knick-knacks to find their own treasures to spend their well-earned report card money. 
Stella (my youngest, 9) came back to my cart with her head hung low, tears in her eyes, and deep sadness in her heart. NONE of these feelings were what she expected when she walked into one of her favorite establishments today. Sobbing, she proceeded to tell me that there was a really rude and mean lady upfront (by the knick-knacks) that yelled at her. She said: "go find your mother; you are not allowed to shop on your own here!" If that wasn't enough, the woman proceeded to again yell at Stella, saying: "It is mandatory that you wear a mask so you better go get one or else you need to leave this store immediately!" Stella was devastated! 
I was stunned that someone would treat a sweet, innocent, 9-year-old in this fashion. To attack a young, loyal shopper like Edwards did today is unforgivable. I don't talk to my kids (nor anyone) that rudely, so I damn well expect that neither will an hourly employee at a local greenhouse.
2 - Which brings me to point 2. Just as I stand up from hearing about this, I decide it's time to leave, and I start walking towards the front register with my flowers for the day, figuring we'd come back and give it a new try again tomorrow, hoping the experience would be a better one for my 9-year-old. This was when I was aggressively approached by a gentleman who invaded my personal space as he barked: "excuse you lady! Masks are required!" 
This was my moment of, uh oh...did I miss the memo somewhere? Flustered, I said, "I don't have a mask." He then got a very aggressive stance, raising his arm and pointing his fingers towards the door, raised his voice (so everyone within a 30-foot radius could hear him), and said: "You need to leave here immediately!" 
Flabberghasted for my second time by the ultimate rudeness and inhumane treatment towards people by what has always been one of my favorite spring locations to purvey, I was stunned enough to leave my cart as is and head towards the front door. As I was walking away, I overheard someone asking this same gentleman a question when he rudely interrupted her and said: "Wait! I am going to make sure that woman leaves here!" I could feel him very aggressively walking behind, making me feel as if I was an armed criminal that had just committed a hate crime and had been banished. 
Wanting too much to salvage anything I could for my 2020 spring memory of @EdwardsGreenhouse, I nicely turned around and asked the gentleman if I could speak to his manager. He said: "oh, I'll go ahead and get the owner, but you...you need to get out of here immediately!" Not only were the words horrid as they ran through my head, but then he started making the shewing noise and pushing his hands towards me like he was shewing me out the door. I promptly walked out of the greenhouse as fast as I could where I waited for the owner. 
This is when I noticed the sign that said: "Masks are required!" Had I noticed that sign before I entered, I'd probably had chosen to shop elsewhere, but the way the Edwards Greenhouse staff chose to treat their customers on two separate occasions today was unacceptable, embarrassing, and down-right hideous! 
When I told this story to the owner she was speechless.