And the explanation is simple our immune system has two lines of defense against diseases. The first one called th1 lymphocytes is in charged with attacking infected body cells by developing specialized white blood cells think of it as the Navy Seals of teeny microbes. Other line of defense called th2 lymphocytes attacks the disease earlier by trying to stop the microbes before they enter our body now if we do not enter into contact with parasites by living in a germ-free environment rth2 will do all of the work not allowing our th 1/2 ever exercised its fighting skills in the long run are th 1 will become lazy and unable to fight even the weakest microbe. Thus we will be prone to get sick. As soon as we leave our germ-free environment. We must conclude that even though so rolling naked in the mud is definitely not the way to go a bit of exposure to the natural environment may not be such a bad idea after all number six secondary polycythemia benefit increases your stamina secondary polycythemia is a condition that causes our bodies to produce more red blood cells than normal due to a mutation and a bone marrow cell. This causes the blood to become thicker and as a result the suffering becomes prone to a large number of possible medical complications like heart attack. And strokes however , given the fact that red cells play a key role in increasing stamina by being responsible for transporting oxygen to the muscles. It 's only obvious that having a lot of them thanks to secondary polycythemia would be a great asset to anyone looking to finish a marathon , of course , like any other disease secondary polycythemia is not a desirable condition , but in some circumstances it might help the sufferer to compete shoulder-to-shoulder with world-class athletes with no previous training number five hunting. Eaton 's disease benefit protects you from cancer Huntington 's disease is an incurable genetic condition that causes the degeneration of nerve cells in certain parts of the brain. This leads to shattering complications , like significant decline in cognitive functions and psychiatric abnormalities. However , following a recent Swedish medical study carried out on 1510 patients for a period of over 39 years , the scientists concluded that patients suffering from Huntington 's disease are far less