Today, my husband had his two lower wisdom teeth pulled at the dentist. He was given a prescription for a widely abused pain medication for his post-surgery recovery. My husband's insurance is not accepted at many of the national chain pharmacies, and since we are newer to St. Louis, we previously received a recommendation to try out Ladue pharmacy. They accepted it, and we've used them twice over the last year with no problems. We recently moved from Maryland Heights to South City. Instead of trying to figure out a new pharmacy, we decided to go back to Ladue for his post-surgery medication. 

About 20 minutes of waiting after submitting the script, a pharmacist approached my husband in the store area. She asked him for his license. She said that she noticed the address difference from what they had on file and wanted to check since it is a popularly abused drug. Totally understandable. However, she then said that they were asking because thought it was suspicious that we would drive all the way to Ladue for the prescription. She proceeded to ask my husband more questions about where he worked and why we moved, with disregard for the fact that the script was from a dentist office and that he was wincing in pain while trying to talk with swollen cheeks and gauze in his mouth. I stepped in and tried to explain the situation, but she left with a suspicious glint remaining in her tone. 

We left with the prescription filed, but I am offended by her lack of consideration and her accusation that people who live in South City are suspicious if they do business in Ladue. Again, I can certainly understand the need to be careful when it comes to this drug category, but I feel that a meer change in address shouldn't constitute the questions about where we work, why we moved, and why we'd take the drive to their pharmacy. It was borderline discrimination. In the end, she will get what she wants, and we will be looking for a different local pharmacy to accept my husband's insurance asap.