Terrible experience. Overpriced, late and poor quality.

We called Security Iron about installing a storm door at the back of our house. A salesman made two appointments, cancelled both and showed up at a random time later that week. He took some measurements and we went over the details. The man was friendly but largely left out the details of the door we were considering. The salesman departed and called back with an estimate. The estimate was well above what their competitors had offered but after reading positive reviews I felt Security Iron was the best choice. 

I'd given the salesman a keycode for our garden gate and was surprised to see him show up unannounced and enter the backyard - I didn't cause a fuss at the time but this incident perturbed me. It would be one thing to show up unannounced and knock on the front door but this guy just welcomed himself onto my property without any notice whatsoever. The guy took photos and more measurements, then left. I could hardly believe it but the salesman actually came back a third time for measurements (all this for one door) but this time knocked on the front door. I should've seen these red flags and declined to order but I was anxious to dispose of the rickety old door we had. 

We ordered the storm door, paid the hefty deposit and had a heck of a time getting an estimated delivery date out of the salesman. "I don't know, maybe seven weeks". Seven weeks pass, eight weeks, nine weeks - I call but receive nothing but "it'll be ready when it's ready" and "almost ready, we'll call you." Further signs of disorganization from Security Iron. 

Finally the storm door arrive and was installed, we were pleased with the install and at first we were very happy with the door. After a week the charging arm began to slam the door shut far too hard, I made adjustments and the door would either slam violently or close at a turtle's pace not fail to reach the strike plate. Meanwhile the knob lock began to feel flimsy and the key became difficult to use. Two weeks after the door arrived the hinges began to leak rust... clearly we'd been hoodwinked into paying top-dollar for a shoddy door. 

I called Security Iron and complained, to their credit they sent someone over promptly. I wasn't home when the worker arrived but what I saw when I arrived home was white spray paint (door is white) sprayed sloppily onto the hinges and the rust leakage. Knob lock was somehow worse, I could hardly get the key in when I arrived home. I don't understand how this company stays in business with such awful quality and service.