I discovered Cool Brothers through Groupon after happening upon their full detail special.  The Groupon mentioned an upcharge for "large" vehicles so I called to get more specifics before buying.  The young lady who answered was very friendly and offered to price-match the Groupon plus the additional 20% off offer I had, which she said would save me the hassle.  I thought this was very nice of her and agreed to schedule an appointment. 

When I went to drop off my car, I will say, the location had me a bit concerned.  It wasn't quite what I expected but I kept an open mind.  The gentleman who assisted me was very friendly and we walked around the car documenting areas that I wanted them to focus on and any scratches or damage I had on the vehicle. I dropped it off in the morning and got a call in the afternoon stating it was ready (just about 4-5 hours later).  

When I went to pick it up, I was definitely underwhelmed by the results.  It had rained for a few minutes after they finished it, so there were water spots all over it and a lot of dust had accumulated, but I tried to look past that (they can't control mother nature's randomness out here in Tucson).  That said, however, there were multiple other areas of concern...the biggest two of which were the unbuffed wax spots on the doors (essentially "smears" of wax) and the back seat having some stains on it.  The gentleman was exceptionally courteous and said he would take the car back and ensure that it was gone over again and that the stains were removed.  When he returned about 15 minutes later, he was true to his word and the wax smudges and stains in question were fully removed.  

Upon returning home and looking over it more closely, however, I discovered there were more minor problems than at first I had noticed.  For starters, the interior mats (independent of the carpet itself) were not cleaned and were simply thrown in the back of the car.  This was kind of a disappointment since the mats are going to go back on the floor, taking away from that "just cleaned" feeling of the car.  I also found additional spots, particularly on the hatch, where there was crusted half-dried clay spots/lines from the clay bar.  I had to go over them with a microfiber cloth to get rid of them.  I noticed there were several spots inside the vehicle as well, like parts of the center console, that had been neglected and that I had to go over with some Armor All wipes to clean.  Finally, I noticed that there were several more spots that were only partially buffed out that I had missed during my walk around at their site.  

All of that said, the car did look better than when I dropped it off, a few of the minor cosmetic scratches that I asked them to focus on were buffed out and the interior smelled very fresh after they'd finished.  I suppose the reason for my 3-star review is that I didn't feel like my car had been "detailed" so much as it had been "cleaned", which is not what I was looking for.  I keep my car pretty clean on a regular basis and was looking for someone to go the extra mile and really make my vehicle look like new.  Unfortunately, this is not what I experienced at Cool Brother's.  

My review would be much higher had they taken time to clean the matts, gone over their wax-work closely, and made sure to wipe away all of the residue from the clay bar.  These minor oversights collectively made the job feel like it was sloppy and hurried, which is not what I've come to expect from an auto detail for a premium.

If your car is really dirty and you are in desperate need of a cleaning, I think this would be a good place to go for the price.  If you are looking for a thorough detail where your car is really getting some quality TLC and comes out looking brand new, I don't believe Cool Brothers is the best option in Tucson.