I really dislike having to write a bad review for a place I have visited, but I think I should alert you to my experience because I had a completely different experience with the owner than what others have written.

Since Slade's Trades came up in Yelp under thrift shops in Clearwater, FL, I thought I would go a good bit out of my way up Hercules Ave. to check it out and do some Christmas shopping.

After about five minutes, a man came out from the back of the shop. He mentioned that he would prefer that I put my purse in a locker or, if I preferred, lock it in my car. They had a lot of small items everywhere, so I assumed this was because he was fearful that I might knock something from the shelf with my shoulder bag. I thought it was a bit of an odd request, but I didn't really mind, so I put it in my car and locked it.

Immediately, he began talking about thefts he's had and how people have taken things right in front of him, so this is when I realized he was actually worried I was going to steal something. The way he presented this to me really made me feel uncomfortable shopping there, but I continued to follow him into the large area behind the small shop in front to see the majority of what he had for sale. 

He followed me closely, telling me that really this is more of a museum and he doesn't think he will allow people to come in and shop there anymore and he kept talking about people stealing from him. He continued,  saying he doesn't want people in there so he will probably just put everything on ebay and be done with it. He just couldn't stop complaining and ranting on.

I had been polite but became increasingly uncomfortable by this rant and finally spoke up and told him I was uncomfortable and would look for my gifts elsewhere and then left.

This happened over a week ago and it still bothers me that a shop owner would make me feel like he thought I was a potential criminal. I did not feel warm fuzzies at all in this place. Maybe things were better in the past and this was just an off day for him, but I've never been treated  like this before in a store and I thought I should at least tell others about it.

I have written reviews over the years in various places- most of them for places I enjoyed being in. This was the opposite of that experience, so I have written one of my very few 1-star reviews. Sorry Slade's Trades, but if you are going to openly distrust your patrons and tell them so without provocation because of the few that have ripped you off, you probably should close your doors to the general public. There are a lot of of nice places to find antiques and consignment items. This was just not one of them.