I don't give 5 star reviews frivolously.My AC was blowing hot air and the guy that I usually call was having surgery so I searched around on the web for an AC repair place.
I did the "Google " thing and a half dozen AC repair shops popped up.Most had user reviews,and Subzero had 24 of them,which is alot for a small shop.Just as many,in fact,as another well known shop that is much larger.As I read the reviews I must admit that I was a bit skeptical,thinking maybe some were made up to promote more business.
So I bit the bullet and decided to trust the reviews and gave them a call.I spoke to the owner,Eddie,and arranged an appointment.He arrived at the appointed time,and began checking out my AC system.Starting in the attic,where the air handler is,he worked his way down to the unit outside,methodically checking everything out.
He found no issues,and then told me I had a freon leak somewhere that was probably very small and he could refill the freon and it would probably take another few years to go down again,or he could do a more detailed check of the pipes and find the leak.I opted for the refill,as I had a slow leak on my prior unit and found it easier to top off the freon every few years than the other options.
It had been raining all day long,and Eddie was hesitant to add the freon as he stated that it would be difficult to get an accurate reading,and he did'nt want to overfill it.
But the rain stopped and he went ahead and added some which seemed to solve the problem.
Next day,I noticed that the AC was still struggling in the heat of the day so I gave Eddie a call and set up another visit.I asked him if I would be recharged a service fee and he said no.
Eddie came back,this time with a helper and they went to work troubleshooting.I thought they would go fast,as this one was "on the house',but they took their time investigating up in my hot attic.
They found,and fixed the issue,no charge to me,and they left.It's been running great ever since.I will use Sub-Zero again if the need arises.

(I started writing this review last June,and just now rediscovered the unfinished review,so here it is,with my apologies Eddie.)