We moved to Nashville in January of this year, and Robby assisted us with the purchase of our home here last month. We were referred to Robby by our friends several months before we actually made the move or really knew anything about Nashville, what neighborhood we wanted to be in, or even if we wanted to live here. We visited for a couple of days last September, and Robby was kind enough to devote an entire Saturday to driving us around town, showing us different neighborhoods and accompanying us to open houses, just to give us a lay of the land. None of us (Robby included) had any idea at that point if we would even be moving here, or what our timeline was, but Robby was incredibly patient and generous with his time. His kindness and hospitality were indicative of the warm, genuine and welcoming spirit that defines Nashville and that we ended up falling in love with.

Once we moved here in January, Robby again made himself available on numerous weekends, attending open houses with us and introducing us to new neighborhoods and homes. We were not even planning on buying a house at that point, and instead intended to rent for a year before putting down permanent roots. Again, Robby was extremely patient and put absolutely no pressure on us whatsoever. Well, we ended up finding our dream house, and having already fallen in love with Nashville, couldn't come up with a reason not to buy it!

Robby is a total pro when it comes to negotiating, and handled the very stressful offer process expertly. Coming from an extremely competitive and expensive real estate market (San Francisco Bay Area), we probably would have ended up paying way more than we should have for a home here if we hadn't had Robby's guidance. He also managed the lead up to closing process seamlessly and made it a stress-less experience for us. As sweet and charming as Robby is, he is equally professional and tough when necessary and we felt completely taken care of throughout the process; we knew he was looking out for us and knew exactly what he was doing every step of the way. My husband and I are both attorneys, and there were plenty of things we overlooked or wouldn't have considered if Robby hadn't been on top of everything - that's how organized he is! 

If you are looking for a real estate agent who is extremely competent, experienced, savvy, organized, genuine, honest, and a simply wonderful human being -- look no further. Robby the Realtor is your guy! 

Oh, and did I mention he has incredible taste?? 

We love our new home and we love Robby!!