I am the self proclaimed 'Crawfish Queen' of our household, just ask Matt. I have a serious addiction to these little mudbugs and as a result I've tried just about every place that sells boiled crawfish within a 5 mile radius of our home. I've got to give it to the guys who run this business, hence the 5 stars!, because they're serving up some of the most flavorful, well seasoned and largest crawfish in the area and quite possibly in the entire city of New Orleans! I have several places I've visited in the past when I'm in the mood for boiled crawfish, but since discovering Lil Kat's Seafood I have to admit I've all but abandoned them. 

Lil Kat's is located on W Metairie, in the same strip as Come Back Inn. I've been going to Come Back Inn going on eight years now, but have only discovered Lil Kat's within the past 6 months. All I think nowadays is WHY did it take me so long to try this hidden gem!?! I may never know the answer to that question- but I have seen the light that is Lil Kat's and it draws me in like a mosquito in the night every single time the word crawfish crosses my mind, which to be completely honest is pretty much every other day. Like Teneha B. said, I now try to find any excuse to sneak over here to grab a few pounds of their amazing crawfish! 

However a word to the wise- if it's a holiday weekend you may want to do some planning in advance because they have been known to run out of crawfish (boiled and live) towards the end of the day. I've never had an issue when I stop by around lunch time, but I stopped by last weekend around 5pm to grab a few pounds for dinner and they had already run out and another small batch wouldn't be ready for another hour. I damn near lost it, and wandered around aimlessly like a drifter- because like I said before, I have all but abandoned my previous crawfish suppliers. No one's boiling them like Lil Kat's! So instead of getting boiled crawfish from somewhere else only to be extremely disappointed, I just opted for something else entirely and went for Dungeness crab which worked out quite nicely. 

Needless to say that as I write this review, I have yet to get my weekly crawfish fix so I will certainly be making up for that this coming weekend! Lil Kat's is DEFINITELY worth the trip from wherever you are coming from, be it Baton Rouge or the West Bank. I will advise that they don't have anywhere for you to sit and eat inside/or outside of the restaurant, so plan accordingly. If you don't live nearby, maybe bring a big blanket and head out to Lafreniere Park for a picnic. No matter where you decide to eat them, just get on over there and try them!