This dealership is not their for the "Family" just for self gain. ​I purchased a vehicle from your dealership on January 12, 2012.  Since that time, I have been a loyal customer.  I bring my vehicle to your dealership for all maintenance/service issues.  I am upset and disgusted by the way I have been treated this last 1 1/2 months due to damage on my car done by one of the service technicians/mechanics with your business. Below you will find a brief synopsis of what has happened over the last 

04/14/2014: called dealership because air bag lights still comes on, back of driver's seat panel is falling down and door was not closing properly (seems like it is off track)--was told to bring it in on 04/17/2014.
 
04/21/2014: while drying off the lot, found damage to the driver's door, called the dealership and was told to bring the car in to be looked at. After waiting for over 3 hours, went to the service advisor Shannon Hicks, and asked how long it would take. In the end, I was told it was not their fault, I asked to see the service manager who is Rich Bosak.
 
05/05/2014: my father in-law and I went to the dealership to speak with the General Manager Frank Ingargiola, I was told by an employee to go outside the dealership to use my cell phone and call, and then put in his extension. At that time, I was directed to his voice mail. Mr. Ingargiola then called back about 10 minutes later. I explained that my father-in-law and I were down stairs in the show room and would like to see him to discuss the damage to my door.   He refused to come out and speak with us and instead sent the service manager out to take pictures; I was then told there would be an investigation.
 
​This is now over a month later and I still have no resolve.  I have been dealing with this dealership since I bought my car on January 12, 2012 and have only come here for all my maintenance and repairs.  I do not deserve this kind of unprofessionalism from this business and I would like to speak with one of you as soon as possible. Your Mission Statement is "YOU'RE MORE THAN A CUSTOMER...YOU'RE FAMILY!"  However, I do not feel this way at all.
NOT ONLY LOST A MEMBER OF THE FAMILY, BUT A CUSTOMER....