Why 5 stars? Because I want Moonlight Boba in my life often.

   ---   ---   ---

I recently sent my wife the Moonlight Boba Yelp listing because her office is not too terribly far away and she loves boba. The reviews are pretty amazing, but I'm not in Pinellas Park very often, so I figured she'd be able to enjoy it before I would. Fortunately, we actually happened to be in the area, so we stopped by and I'm completely in love after one visit. 

At first, my wife just had me run inside and order a taro boba for her. I planned on grabbing a couple drinks to go and heading home, but I saw the waffle ice cream concoctions on the menu and thought that it would be much better to eat-in. Every waffle looked amazing, but the 
"Rainbow In My Hand" with cotton candy ice cream, gummies and mochi's really caught my eye.

The saying "explosion of flavor" is cliche, but I don't know any other more accurate way to describe this. You got creamy, sour, sweet, mushy, hard and dense in every bite. It's quite a lot for your taste buds to process, but I liked it. With that being said, I'd opt for something like the Cookielicious or the Snow White next time, just for a bit more continuity.

Also, my coconut boba smoothie and her taro milk tea were both top notch.

But then as we were leaving, my wife pointed out a sign off to the side that showed ice cream boba's. And I have to tell you, outside of a sign that said, "Brett, you've won a new car," I don't know if I could have been happier to see that particular set of information.

I'd recently been introduced to ice cream boba's in San Francisco and fell head over heels in love. I was told that they only recently made their way to the United States and were super hard to find. I knew that probably meant I wouldn't find them in Tampa Bay until about 2024, when they'd be old news in SF. So to find them about 3 weeks later in Pinellas Park, I was ecstatic. 

I'd already had a small dessert before arriving at Moonlight Boba + ordered a boba smoothie and an ice cream waffle here. I wanted to fully enjoy this ice cream boba, so we hopped in the car, drove about 40 minutes home to Tampa, froze them and ate them the next day. They were still just as unbelievable as I remembered, despite nearly melting away in the car the day before. Do yourself the greatest favor and go to Moonlight Boba for many things, but especially for the ice cream boba's before they sell out!

As I said, we aren't in Pinellas Park often, but if timing/circumstances work out, I know exactly where I'm coming for my sweet fix.