Picture this: 

New to the city. Your Dad is 600 miles away. You don't have a boyfriend. And last Friday night, you put clothes and an overnight bag in your back seat, closed the back door, and....the door bounced back open. You slam it several times and get some boys passing by to take a look but no one can figure it out.

After taking the car to the creepy mechanic down the street who told you to order the piece from Lexus and bring it back to him to repair...Oh, and to "call Frenchie if you ever get lonely," you find out just the piece you need is $225 from the Lexus dealership. You put (classy) duck tape on your back window and decide to wait it out a few days until you regroup and find another option. After considering getting under-the-table work done or simply getting a new car, you decide to look on Yelp for a good car spot around Indy.

That's when you find Downtown Car Care.

And your life is immediately enriched.

From the first phone call I placed to Bob, the owner, I felt like I could actually trust a car shop to not take advantage of me. On the phone Bob asked me to bring my car in to get an estimate. I brought it in later that day and he not only remembered me, he knew exactly what was wrong. I left my car at Downtown Car Care and was told they would call me before spending any of my money and the car should be ready before next Tuesday.

I walked home (Have I mentioned the fantastic location?!) and received a phone call the next day from Bob. 

Bob: "Hey Alison, This is Bob. I wanted to let you know that your car is going to cost $200.86."
Alison: "You mean just for the part?"
Bob: "Nope, the whole thing. And Alison, it should be ready by tomorrow night."

I get a call the next day from Bob that my car was ready, 4 and a half days before I expected. He had found a good deal on a used part in great-condition and made my car a priority.

I would not hesitate to bring my car back to Bob and Downtown Car Care and would recommend the spot to anyone looking for honest, efficient mechanics.