I started training with Nikki McCrae about three months ago.  I should preface this review by stating that I am by no means an athlete.  I heard about Philly Phitness through my building's gym and, while intimidated, decided to sign up.  After just 5 minutes with Nikki, I knew this wasn't going to be the typical personal training experience I had expected.  He was genuinely interested in helping me set my goals and come up with a timeline to help me keep track of them.  After our first session together, Nikki seemed to identify all of my strengths and weaknesses and tailors each workout to make sure he is playing to my strengths while pushing me to improve in other weaker areas.   Nikki goes above and beyond - he comes up with workouts for me to do on days when I am not training with him, is always offering me nutritional tips and is just as invested in me achieving my goals as I am.  He works really hard to come up with workouts that will be fun and challenging, and is constantly focusing on how I am stacking up against my goals and what other challenges he can incorporate into our sessions to help get me there.  He's introduced me to training that I would have never considered (boxing, rowing, kettlebell - to name a few) and is constantly adding on more difficult levels of each to ensure I'm evolving and never getting bored.   Nikki is extremely patient, while also still challenging me to push me to my limit and out of my comfort zone - a difficult balance to find in a personal trainer.  The new studio on 17th street is awesome - convenient location, it's clean, they have great equipment, and all of the other trainers are extremely knowledgeable, welcoming and encouraging.  Perry, the owner, checks in to see how things are going and really makes you feel like they are all there to help you succeed.   I have tried a variety of fitness programs in the past hoping that one would stick and I've finally found one.  Training with Nikki has been such a great experience and I can't recommend him enough.  I noticed visible changes after just a month of working with him and I leave every session so excited to come back for the next.