Come to this particular Red Lobster location if you want to be treated like filth!

After coming here regularly for around 2 years I came in recently and had a less-than-stellar experience. I decided to write in via the website to express my discontent and got a voicemail message the next day from the general manager named Drew. He said he would be in today after 3 so I stopped by at 3:20 with the intention of speaking to him briefly and then enjoying an early dinner.

When I came inside I told the hostess I was there to see Drew and gave her my name. She disappeared for a few minutes and then came back and started taking me to an area where people were interviewing for jobs. I clarify for her that I was not there for a job interview but was in fact coming to speak to Drew regarding a voicemail.

She disappeared again and then came back to get me and said he was in the middle of an interview and started taking me back to a desolate section of the restaurant where no one else was at. I then asked her whether I would be able to order food there and she said "Oh you wanna eat?!"

At this point it was clear I was dealing with a half wit who doesn't know how to do her job, so I said perhaps it would be best if I went and waited in the front area until Drew was available to speak with me and then I could be seated to have a meal after.

This seemed to distress her for some reason and as she was walking me back to the front we encountered an elderly man with a name tag that said "Ed." She said I could talk to him, and he said "Come over here" and started walking. So I followed like a lap dog as he sat down with an application in his hand, so I said "Again to clarify, I'm not here for a job interview, as I mentioned to her." He looks down his nose at me and in this condescending tone he goes "Then why ARE you HERE?"

I said "I'm here to follow up with a complaint but this is kind of a mess."

He goes "Its not a mess." As if he has any idea what's going on. So I just said "Clearly it's better if I just leave," and he goes "Byeeee" in a mocking tone.

So again, if you want to deal with inept condescending people who have no interest in the value of customers, this is the place for you!