I usually don't like to put a company down or put them on blast but in this instance I'll make an exception. My husband and I bought a truck from this business and the truck was brand new to the lot and they said they didn't know a whole lot about it but we looked at the engine and everything seemed to be in working order and in okay condition so we decided to go ahead and buy it because he needed a work truck, it wasn't anything fancy but it was for work. I was prepared to put 2,000 down on the truck. my husband and I were having what I thought was a private conversation and I advised him that if needed I could go up to 4000. well wouldn't you know the guy that sold us the truck overheard our conversation and said that the down payment was 4,000. Fine whatever I put the 4000 down.  When we started driving it home we noticed that it needed an alignment and that the locks were not functioning from the key fob so you had to manually lock and unlock all of the doors and this truck has four doors it's a double cab truck. we called the business and advised them that the truck needed an alignment and the locks were not functioning and asked if we could have them fixed. gentleman that's all that's the truck said sure no problem bring it in and we'll take it down to the mechanics we use and we'll have an alignment done. we did and we got the truck back and it did not seem that the alignment was done even though they said it was done the truck was still pulling heavily to the right. We were also told that the locks needed to be ordered as they did not have them in stock, we said okay and waited about a week and a half for the order to come in. I called several times in the course of about a month 2 months and was lied to every step of the way. eventually the person that we bought the truck from I was informed that they were fired for their alcohol problem and the manager and another sales rep told us that they would go ahead and honor what the salesperson told us that they were going to do and would order the locks and get the truck in its rightful condition that it should have been when the truck was purchased. Again that was a lie. We were told that the locks would be ordered and we never heard from the company again. If you want a good decent car that is functional in every way I would definitely not go through this lying company. Mind you we did buy the truck in as-is condition however, guy that sold us the truck told us that the truck had just come to the lot they didn't know anything about it and if we saw any issues with the truck to let them know and they would be dealt with. If we would have been told from the get-go that they were not going to make any fixes on the truck as it was sold as is it probably wouldn't have been so bad but the fact that we were lied to multiple times by multiple people in my opinion that's a shitty company.