I think most of the reviews here are for the sky diving experience itself and not for this particular sky diving school.  Naturally, people are going to rank a once-of-a-lifetime adrenaline rush as 4 to 5 stars but I would suggest others do more research and opt for another school, preferably one that is more professional or one of the schools in Long Island that provide for a water view on your way down.

I came here with a group of over 20 people.  We had collectively taken half a dozen cars to the facility and we had all driven two hours each way.  About 5 minutes prior to our arrival at the school around 9 am, they call us to let us know that their big plane is having mechanical problems and they didn't think it was going to happen.  We arrived anyways and there was another large group who had driven an hour and a half and a couple there who had also arrived hoping to sky dive that day.  They then proceeded to tell all of us that the small plane would be able to go up instead two at a time and they were just waiting for the clouds to clear in the air.  In the interim, they had us watch the liability disclaimer video without any sound but captions only and I found myself having to read out loud for the people in the back anything that seemed relevant.

After waiting 5 hours at the site and with the clouds not clearing up adequately and with the other large group ahead of us, our group decided to reschedule or more like splinter off into two dates as it was hard to find a date over 20 people could all attend.  A few decided to cancel altogether.  By the time we drove back home, it was end of day.

But all this is not why I am giving them 1 star or bothering to write this review.  What follows is why I am giving them 1 star.  Despite all this, the sky diving school didn't seem to care.  They could have let us know prior to our having made the trip that they would not be flying any planes, they could have apologized just for goodwill, they could have offered to provide some sort of discount for our next attempt with the school for the inconvenience, but they didn't.  They just acted like it wasn't their problem and didn't say anything at all, when for us, the net result of the trip was over 20 let-down people who had all woke up early and wasted their Saturdays to come out, gas and toll costs for our drivers, and half of our party who ended up leaving without having eaten anything that day.  Everyone in our group was gracious and polite about their disappointment, but the way the school let us know so late, indifferently treated our group while we were there, and disclaimed responsibility at the end without so much as a "sorry guys", made me realize they had lost touch with what it means to run a business with hospitality, maturity, grace and integrity.