Would give 0 stars if i could. I got this place recommended (highly) and I live close by so I really wanted to love them. 
I dont know what other people mention about art but what I can report on 8 different pairs (which I all brought in at once - my fault) was extremely poor craftsmanship. Do absolutely NOT bring any high end shoes there! They will be ruined. 
In addition it took 8 weeks (I was quoted 2 weeks) and I received a progressively worsening attitude. 

Here a quick rundown: 
My christian loubuotin Mary janes (elastic strip needed replacement- they cut into the leather ordered the wrong strip and in addition to I showing everything dangles), 

The prada flats (instead of just touch up on the color, new sole and having the metal logo back attached - they tightened them somehow but truly in weird places, the shoe does not fit properly anymore and the color touch up was never performed and the metal logo not reattached. The metal logo actually fell off in the bag while bringing them home. My husband fixed this with gorilla glue - 15 minutes)

The Chanel leather limited edition espadrille (while doing a simple sole reinforcement they ripped into the rope and,then they splashed black paint on the shiny pearl portion of the leather...)
I trusted their 2 weeks max quote and thought "they have good reviews, I can trust their work hence no need to bring for example my chanel espadrille back to the chanel store and wait 6 weeks, it is fine if I loose the warranty.. "Well wrong gamble. 

A pair of satin Manolo blahnik for simple black coloring (the color is uneven and the satin shoe is hard as a rock now, my husband could have done a better job with a sharpie) 

A pair of Tori Burch for resole and tightening, (not tightened and resolve on front got glued on terribly). 

Jimmy Choo high heel for resolve, terrible glue on job and half the glitter gone and messed up. 
I could go on and on. 

Now service: great when you drop off as you pay upfront in cash. (a lot in my case)  and terrible after you left your money  and return for pick up. 
Timing: either they flat out lie to customers or they are so way overwhelmed, backlogged and disorganzied that they just randomly say "2 weeks".

It took 8 weeks in total.
I do have the conveninece of living close by so I went there every week for 2 months. 
After 1 month I started getting nervous and almost cried (sorry this might sound superficial but i left about 7k worth of shoes there and each one was a piece that I got myself as a celebration - passed board exams, birthday etc) so I decided just get them back before they get totally f up as it seems high end items are way over their head. 
So I requested to have my shoes back (not my money, again at this point I just wanted to get out if this situation and have my belongings back) and the answer was -they wont give them out when they started working on them (which they didn't as I saw my loubuotin hanging nicely over the partition almost like a show piece). 
In summary my fault that I blindly trusted reviews and word of mouth recommendation and dropped 8 pairs off at once...just to find out that service and craftsmanship are terrible. (Now some of my shoes are completely ruined).
Dont trust the quoted time frame either please- it will be longer and you will get poor service and work.

Conclusion: please please stay away if you have any high end shoes. 
 Actually run the other way. 
And if you have any recommendation for a good cobbler who knows what he/she js doing and doesn't treat customers like a nusiance please feel free to reply to this post.

(It took me a while to write this review as I dont like writing bad reviews for small businesses but seeing them with so many stars ...I know someone else might bring an expensive anniversary item, there just to end up upset. ) thank you.