If I could give a zero I would. 

I came to this dealer because I saw an amazing deal online for a car that someone probably traded in. I knew it was gonna be annoying trying to buy a car that wasn't a VW, but had to get this subi. 

I came with my sister and was alrady apprehensive because car dealerships stress me out and I know I have to be on guard or they would take advantage of me. We arrived first thing in the morning around 8am. We test drove our car and was back to the dealership by 8:45am. We really liked our sales guy, he was funny and knowledgeable and appeared honest. We had great vibes going in, thinking we would be done by at noon the latest since we got such an early start. This is when things started to go downhill.

Prior to when I arrived, I had financing already established through my bank and had a plan with my financial adviser to go in and out since I would not be dealing with their financing. However, I made the mistake of telling them what that deal was with my bank and they offered a counteroffer with a lower interest. I took the offer to see what they could offer me. This is something I regret. I honestly would have paid the slightly higher interest to avoid the crap this dealership put me through while waiting. During this process, another couple had arrived later and appeared to be starting the same process we were initiating. While waiting for them to call their banks and get me "the best deal," I was being bullied into trying to buy a brand new VW the ENTIRE time. My sister and I were getting so annoyed, we were like NO, we want what we came for. 

Yes we are young and naive, but once we started having dealings with the finance manager, he treated us with little respect and wouldn't answer any of our questions directly due to "confidentiality" of my credit information. IT'S MY INFORMATION, WHY IS IT BEING KEPT FROM ME!?

Long story short, the couple who arrived an hour later and was ALSO dealing with the finance manager got in and out before us. We did not leave Lithia until 3:30PM. Which was stressful because I live in Tahoe and my sister had a 5:45pm flight out that day (which we incessantly kept reminding the people there) so we had to dash back to Tahoe to grab her things and rush to the airport.

Later that day when I got home, I noticed a dent in the car which was obviously there when I bought it, shame on me for not inspecting the car better, and a week later it started making weird sounds when starting up. After reading the reviews here, the idea of going to the repair department seemed dismal so I went to a local repair shop I trusted instead to get things fix.

If you want to be treated with disrespect, bullied and lied to, go to Lithia VW!