First, I'd like to start with the one (and only) positive thing I have to say about this location - Elvan (sp?) was great and the only person in this shop that actually seems to care.

Now, on to the rest of the experience. I brought my car in 10.10.17 just to have some new tires put on. They were special orders due to being run-flats, and I gave the staff there a heads up that the rims were painted. They acknowledged this and assured me that this was a non-issue.

Fast forward two days to when I get the call that the vehicle was ready. I call an uber and go to pick up my car when I noticed that EVERY rim was chewed up around the edge and stripped of paint. I notified the staff and their response was that this kind of thing "just happens" with run-flats and is to be expected. I brought up the fact that I had notified them in advance and called out the person I spoke with that assured me everything was going to be fine. It was at this point they advised me to "just pay" and we'd "work it out" over the phone with their GM, Carl the next day. 

With the grand total being $1416.58, I felt a little uneasy "just paying for it", refused to pay and left the vehicle there. The next day I received a call from "Carl" that they would take care of the rims and would be in touch.

The following day (Sunday 10.15), I received a call that the damage had been fixed and I could pick it up. Another uber trip later (we're on the 4th trip for those keeping track) I get to The Tire Choice and not only is the car not outside ready, it's back up on the lift. When I ask what was happening, I was shown that while they did indeed fix the rear tires, the front ones were still damaged and it would be another day - at this point I'm at least starting to know the uber drivers in the area as I AGAIN had to get another ride home. It was at this point that Elvan noted my experience thus far in addition to the multiple uber trips and stated that he would put this in front of "Carl" (who evidently is the only individual there that can adjust prices) for some kind of restitution.

On to Monday (10.16) - another day, another uber ride to The Tire Choice. The car is waiting, is ready and I am presented with my bill - a bill that has been adjusted by $46.00, I again refuse payment since this amount doesn't even cover the amount of all the ubers I've had to take when I was told the car was all set and ready to go (multiple times). I am assured again that "Carl" will call me the next day and make this right as I get into my uber for the evening.

Tuesday 10.17 - Carl calls to assure that he's "doing the best he can", and "understands my frustration". He will work on the issue during the day and will meet me at 5:30PM for delivery and we will make this right. When my uber of the day arrives @5:27, I am told that "Carl" left for the day and that everything should be taken care of. I receive my bill, see that nothing was changed and am asked to pay the full amount.

At this point I have been without the vehicle for 7 days - a full week. For new tires. I am beyond upset and am told that "it is what it is", and that basically they were done dealing with me and that if I wanted my car back - I was to pay the full price. I ask to speak with Carl, if they could phone him or offer any option to get this resolved tonight (after I was promised he would be there at 5:30 waiting for me to "make this right") and am told that I could call tomorrow morning, or swing in and talk to him in person as he's usually only there until 5pm. When I explained that was when I worked until I was told that "maybe I should leave work early if I really wanted to take care of this". It was at this point that I reminded them that I was the customer here - and besides, I had ubers to pay for.

Being that my vehicle is now being held hostage, I reluctantly paid as I didn't want to go another week without my car. Which brings me to this letter/review/cautionary tale. I can assure you that The Tire Choice on Big Bend will NEVER see my business again and I would share this story with my friends, neighbors, strangers, yelp, and whomever will listen. 

This has honestly been one of the worst retail experiences of my life.