SHORT VERSION: Unreliable, unprofessional, would never recommend. No follow up from management when a complaint was made. DO NOT spend your money with this company!

The sales process when booking College Hunks was great, the person I spoke to over the phone was very thorough and pleasant to work with. He went on and on about how professional the movers are, and that the movers are incentivized to move your items as quickly as possible. At this point I felt very confident in my decision to hire College Hunks. The quote I received (and booked) was for 3 movers and the estimate for the move was 3 hours and 15 minutes. Personally, I thought it would take a bit longer then that -I realize the person over the phone cannot see the items you're moving and this is really more of an estimate so I wasn't too locked into the time frame in my mind.

My problem is with the service we received on the day of the move. I'd like to also like to note that we were moving from apartment to apartment in the SAME community, literally 4 buildings over. This was not a large, multi-bedroom home and there was not a lot of travel time from apartment 1 to apartment 2.

We booked 3 movers, when the team arrived at 8:45am but only 2 movers were present. We were informed that the third mover was running late but should be there soon. About an hour into the move the third mover arrived, he later mentioned to me that he was up until 4am the night before and he was very tired. Around 12pm one of the movers tells his coworkers he doesn't feel well and decides to leave, so now we're back down to two movers.

The lead mover tells us the truck is full and they want to bring the truck to the new apartment to unload, I head down to the truck to see that it's not packed well. We're only moving 1 bed, 2 dressers, couch, coffee tables and a bunch of boxes. No dining room table, no appliances, and we're moving into a 800 sq ft apartment, this is not a multi bedroom house, but whatever - this is how they've packed the truck it is what it is. I go with them to the new apartment, they begin to unload some items, then they decide they want to go back to the old apartment to get the remaining items, even though the truck is still has items in it from the first load. I'm not a moving expert but this didn't really make sense to me. They proceed back to the old apartment to continue.

Now it's about 2pm and the lead mover says he's done and isn't working any longer, so he goes a the nd sits down inside truck. (I'm not totally sure what happened here as I was at new apartment while my boyfriend was at old apartment with the movers). At this point we're down to 1 mover - the gentleman that showed up late because he up was until 4am the night before. My boyfriend and I are now moving our own items to the moving truck, which is beyond frustrating because the reason you hiring a moving company is so that you don't have to move your own items! The lead mover calls his manager, at this point we're told a manager is on the way to resolve this situation. Another mover arrives around 3pm, not a manager, but says that a manager would be in touch soon. The two remaining movers finish unloading what's already loaded in the truck. They tell is they will only charge us for 2 movers and will deduct a few hours from the service, its after 4pm at this point - still no phone call from a manager. Annoyed and exhausted is an understatement.

My boyfriend and I have to spend the next day removing the remaining items from the old apartment (large rug, some boxes, plants). The whole process was awful. 3 days go by and we still have not been contacted by management so I call the St. Pete location, the person who I spoke with over the phone tells me "Oh yeah we've had a lot of complaints about this location let me give you the direct phone number to the manager". I am giving the cell phone number of Acey. I left him a message that day (3 days after the move), and I am writing this review 3 days since that message was left for Acey. No call back. I honestly didn't think I would get any money back (even though I do feel we overpaid for the awful service we experienced) but I thought the manager should know who is out in the field representing him and the company. Guess he doesn't care.

ALSO their website goes on about how the movers will be wearing gloves and masks due to COVID 19 - NONE of the movers had any PPE on!