I am new to CrossFit and was scouring the area trying to pick the right Crossfit gym to start training at and having read the good reviews about this place I decided to try one of the drop in workouts offered every Saturday. As I understood, the gym asks to be notified prior to dropping in, so on the Friday before I called in to the gym, thinking this would be the fastest and most convenient way to let them know about me and also to get some of my questions answered about the workout in general. No one picked up, so i called again, and pretty much kept calling every other hour because the tone said no calls are answered during workouts, so I thought eventually a staff member would answer once the workout was over. Well this didn't happen and to my dismay no one ever picked up. It wasn't until later that night, around 9 or 10pm that I received a phone call. It was from the owner, I presume Tyler, we preceded to have a 15 min long talk about how he was completely annoyed and frustrated about how often I had called in. Apparently, there are no staff members and he received notifications every time I called, which i get is annoying, but I didn't know that was the case, so I apologized, several times, and tried to make it clear to Tyler where I was coming from and that it was not intentional. I was simply an eager college student trying to learn more about this sport and the CrossFit community has always seemed so welcoming and inviting. Well Tyler didn't care and kept going on and on about how "I couldn't follow directions" and "should be well educated enough to figure things out" and kept arguing with me about where HE was coming from about me being a nuisance. He then proceeded to tell me that he does not want my business and that I should go somewhere else and then hung up on me mid sentence. I couldn't believe the whole time that I was even having the conversation to begin with. It was a simple misunderstanding but the way I was treated by the OWNER of this institution (which prides itself on wanting to help others) left an incredibly bad image about this gym and CrossFit in general.