I want to start off by saying that I'm a huge fan of SoFresh. When I happen to be near USF I'd stop in at the Fowler location occasionally. I was so excited to find out that a SoFresh was opening in Westchase.

My first visit the month it opened was decent. My family sat down and we noticed there was a fly problem, but that fly problem got progressively worse on our second and third visit. The second visit we noticed the customer service wasn't that great. The third visit being the worst was unbearable between the non-existent customer service and so many flies! As I was sitting and swatting flies I noticed how dirty the kitchen, tables, drink area and trash area was. The workers just didn't appear to care. I have to say on my first visit, which was the most friendliest of the 3, the owner was present. The third visit he wasn't there, so I thought to myself that he hired the wrong people. I lost my appetite. My husband was so appalled that he wrote his review right afterward in hopes to see some change. 

I decided to give it a few months before coming back because I really want SoFresh to work out in our neighborhood. I came back for lunch this week and things were a whole lot better. It wasn't squeaky clean, but the mess was reasonable for the number of patrons inside. There were no flies! It also appeared that there were new workers that seemed to understand customer service. I ordered to-go but sat long enough to notice the changes for the good. I did notice that the owner was present, which makes me wonder if when he's gone if everything runs as smoothly. I commend him for being an owner operator and taking care of his business! The only bad thing I can say about my last visit is that I asked for the steak to be cooked medium and it was well done. However my shrimp was cooked to perfection! 

The food is so good. I know that most of the bowls come with a dressing, but there is so much flavor that I really don't have the need to add dressing to my bowls! 

I really love SoFresh and I'll be back! I hope that all of the kinks have been worked out for good because I need this to be a go to spot when I'm not in the mood to cook! Consistency, Customer Service and Cleanliness is key. The food is already good. I hope in the near future I can up my review to a 5 star as this location matures and I can become a regular.