My Fiance and I just moved into our new home two weeks ago. We were very excited about our new home, but we were not looking forward to making the move. 

I called around to numerous moving companies in Nashville to check on pricing and availablitily - Fox Moving & Storage had the best pricing and I could tell this company knew what they were doing, by just talking to them over the phone. I decided to move forward with Fox Moving & Storage, and it was the best decision I could have made!

I wasn't sure what to think leading up to moving day. All I knew is that we didn't want to have the same experience that we had with the moving company we used two years prior (All My Sons)! "All My Sons" sent out two lazy idiots, that both took 30 minute craps in my bathroom during the move (as I was being charged by the hour!), texted on their phones throughout the entire move - and then had the audacity to request a tip after the move! Anyways, to make a long story short. . . .we had plenty of reasons to not be very excited about the move ahead. 

I immediately felt much better after receiving the call from our mover the morning of our move - letting me know they were on their way! We were scheduled for a 9:00 a.m. move, and he called me at 8:30 a.m. - to let me know that he was only about 10-15 minutes away, so he would be arriving about 15 minutes early. GREAT START! 

Both of the movers were very personable, professional, hardworking and courteous. They worked their butts off, and didn't cut any corners! I believe the two movers' names were James and Melvin? Really, they did an amazing job for us! They wrapped all of the furniture before moving it, and they didn't put a single scratch on any of our furniture or walls.
 
I still can't figure out how two movers can work that hard, at that fast of a pace, moving heavy pieces of furniture to-and-from two story houses for 4 hours straight, and not pass out!  Really, these guys did an outstanding job, and I highly recommend them to anyone who is looking to make a move any time in the near future!

Fox Moving & Storage definitely made our move much more enjoyable and less stressfull! After my horrific experience with the other moving company we used for our previous move, working with Fox Moving & Storage was like a "breath of fresh air" - they really were! 

They offer the best price and best moving service in Nashville! I'm not even going to call around to other moving companies next time we move.

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND FOX MOVING!