I always go to the dealership to have my oil changed  but a few weeks ago I was sent a coupon for an oil change and tire rotation for $24, I needed both so I decided to stray from my usual routine. I will never ever ever go to a single jiffy lube again as long as I live. First of all, I am aware that JL will try to sell you every additional service and outrageously priced oil they can, but this time the service person working with me used every "mechanic-meets-girl" stereotype in the book. He told me that Toyota required that I put a $75 oil in my car. I told him that was insane, I usually go to the dealership to get my oil change and only pay $27. He pointed at the computer and said "well this says this is the oil we need to put in your car", I said "Well put the hood down and get my car out of the garage because no way am I paying that. I'll go back to the dealer." He said "Well sorry we already drained the oil from the car." I said "okay well I am not paying $75 for an oil change, so you better come up with something" and then they magically came up with a cheaper oil they could use in my car. Didn't know JL was run by magicians. Then he asked if I was getting a tire rotation, I said yes because it was on the coupon, another service provider then made the comment "so sick of these coupons, they're killing us", right in front of me, like he was blaming me! When I got my car back they had not  reset my maintenance light, and my tire pressure light was on (because my tires were low when I pulled up but JL supposedly airs up the tires with an oil change). I was so mad at this point, after the service people had treated me like an idiot and tried to rip me off because I'm a chick, I just went home. I pulled out the service receipt, which indicated that  during inspection no service lights were on and the  tire pressure was OK. All obvious lies. After consideration of these lies and the service guy trying to rip me off, I wondered if they had actually even done anything to my car. I decided to have my oil change and tires rotated with the dealership who confirmed that they never rotated my tires at all. And they lost a plug when doing my oil change and didn't tell me. 

I contacted the JL corporate office who contacted the franchise manager who contacted me a week later (after I called corporate again to let them know I was never contacted), who apologized profusely and told me he'd give me a refund and send me a voucher for a free oil change. He wouldn't send me a check though, and every time I've gone in to get the refund he's not there (the asst manager said he can't give me a refund), and I never got the voucher I was promised, which is fine because I was going to  throw it in the trash anyway. I wouldn't let those guys near my car again if they offered me free oil changes for the rest of my life.

Sure, JL has decent coupons, sometimes, but their regular price isn't that much better than a dealership, I've never had the guys at my dealership try to upsell me the diamond and gold infused oil that JL pushes (it must be infused with diamonds and gold and unicorn farts for what they charge for it), they only offer me other services when I need them, and as this experience demonstrated, Jiffy Lube may charge you for a service and then not  do that service because they're lazy. I know a former JL employee who said this was common practice and recommended I mark my oil filter with a sharpie to make sure they actually changed it.

Remember folks, you get what you pay for.