Alright- This situation is a little difficult to explain but here we go.
I have an 11 month old puppy- My roommate decided he wanted to adopt a puppy as well. Love at first sight required a meet and greet before allowing the puppy to come into my home (which at first, I thought, Great! That seems responsible to make sure the dogs get along!) So I brought my dog to this meet and greet- and we immediately walked across the street to a field and they immediately put this 8 week old puppy down to play with my 60lb dog. Everything was fine. Within 24 hours my dog got sick- Coughing and mucus-y, at the time I thought oh maybe it's just allergies.
My roommate goes (roughly 24 hours later) to adopt this puppy- As he is signing paperwork he is told that this puppy has kennel cough and sent home with antibiotics. My roommate informs me that the puppy has kennel cough- My dog is fully up to date on vaccines- so I thought "It's unlikely that he got kennel cough from this puppy because he's been vaccinated- however that would have been nice to know BEFORE I brought my dog to this "meet and greet" 
I took my dog to the vet and began treatment for a potential upper respiratory infection-my vet warns me of the distemper outbreak in Davidson county- we don't think too much of it because, like I said- my dog has been vaccinated. I tell my roommate to be careful because I knew the puppy was to young to have been fully vaccinated.
Fast forward a few days and the newly adopted puppy is diagnosed with pneumonia. The vet required by Love at First sight then tells my roommate that he believes this puppy has distemper. This puppy (that was in our house for roughly two weeks or less) had to be put down on Thursday.
It turns out my dog may just not fully respond to vaccines and may now have distemper as well.
I reached out to them today- and the call was very frustrating- It did not seem as though they cared about the situation or any of my questions- seemed like they were annoyed by me even calling. They told me they had no way of knowing that this puppy was sick- you may not have known that it was distemper but you knew your facility had something going around- and instead of holding off from adoption for a bit and ensuring their animals were healthy and or not infecting the rest of the population - they sent a sick puppy to our home and he died and now my dog is also very ill. As an animal lover- I simply want to see this situation open their eyes to this very serious issue- How will you further prevent the spread of a serious, highly contagious disease? If you do nothing else- before meet and greets please alert pet parents that there is a risk that this dog has a virus in its incubation period- Halt adoptions until you are sure that YOUR "adoption agency" isn't further spreading this disease to the rest of the community.

After dealing with this all day- I have discovered that they pick up animals from local shelters (so they get them for free or nearly free) and then partner up with an expensive hospital that you are forced to go to for a year- It seems to me like they are just trying to make money rather than love and care for animals that so desperately need it. 

Please do better. Don't ever let something like this happen again.