Eh not really my gig but our friends and my hubby had a GREAT time throwing sharp objects at a target at the wall and it only cost me $50 to sit while they did.  Staff seemed annoyed that we were there, since the place was empty upon our arrival as we interrupted their lunch, as all staff was eating at the bar.  But alas, they helped us get our waivers completed, happily took our $50pp and when asked about the Yelp check-in swag it was like pulling teeth, but after showing it to him we got our handy-dandy bracelet that boasted we were an 'Axe Master' LOL.  After, we then were quickly shown how to safely throw the axe down the alley at the targets for all of maybe 1 minute while being told it would not be necessary to read the rules on the wall as the employee would be going over those so pay attention to him...then off the young employee went, no further instructions or interest from staff to see if our group needed any kind of pointers - YEP NADA.  The only check-in from staff was to give the predesigned game cards with NO explanation on how to play them or anything, just dropped them off and back to the bar to eat lunch.  Ohhhhh wait then at the very end we had them come back to tell us our time was ending with a literal countdown of the last few minutes that our hour was up, not would you like to continue, just you have 5 minutes, then 3, then 2 then 1 then 30 seconds.  Veryyyyy strange customer service considering that other reviewers said that everyone was really nice and helpful.

Happy that our friends had been here before and that they made our hour Sunday Funday FUN as they along with my hubby figured out the Little City Cricket game.  I didn't feel exactly safe since we had a quick and dirty rundown from the staffer so this gal opted out of partaking in the axe throwing.  I just didn't feel comfortable with axes bouncing off the wall coming back at ya - NO THANK YOU, I like my digits & appendages so I became the score keeper for my hubby's birthday weekend extravaganza.

Would I come back or recommend Reno Axe....like I said not really my gig but to each their own, the other reviewers seem to like it and our friends and my hubby had a good time trying to get the axe to stick on that pesky 8 aka Killshot.  So if you are wanting to try something new this may be your new game night.