Worst sales staff I've ever seen at a dealership. We left here to buy a vehicle at Larry H. Miller due to their unprofessionalism and lack of vehicle knowledge. 

Our salesman didn't know anything about the cars on the lot claiming that the technology was "too new." Isn't it your job to educate yourself on the vehicles you are selling?? I know these guys have tons of down time- grab a manual!

My boyfriend and I were not able to drive the vehicle together (it was a two seater) which was frustrating. Other dealers had us sign paperwork, copied our driver's licences and insurance and sent us out in the car together, no problem.

I felt like the salesman was judging my driving in a very unprofessional manner- telling me to put my turn signal on (when it already was) and to "not speed" when I was going exactly the speed limit. He literally freaked out every time he saw a cop- I have a perfect driving record and have never gotten a ticket in my life! When I put one hand down to move the seat controls he told me to focus on the road! I told him that I wanted to be comfortable while driving- unreal!

At one point a police officer pulled up behind us and he became extremely worried because he did not put the dealer plates on the car and assumed we would be pulled over. Not my fault- you should have put the plates on the vehicle. He was also pulling on his E-Cig the entire time which I personally did not like. 

I was test driving a Camero and a Challenger and at no point was I able to get the car over 40 mph. because he would not let me. Come on! 

When my boyfriend took the car out the salesman allowed him to "get on it" as he put it and drive the car how he pleased with no comments on his driving abilities. Total male chauvinist. 

 Also, since the salesman knew the car was going to be a gift, he treated me like a dumb trophy girlfriend and like I was going to make my decision based on the shiny new paint on the car. I did months of research prior to coming in, have purchased all my own vehicles in the past without assistance- I know what I wanted and I did NOT want to work with this dealership. 

The sales agent called us a few days later and we told him that we went elsewhere because we were uncomfortable buying from someone who knew nothing about the cars. He told us to come back in and that another agent who did know about the cars would help us. Too late! Already bought a great vehicle from another dealer who knew the vehicles inside and out. Total waste of a sales opportunity if I ever saw one.