For kiril news of the Revolution brought with it a sudden and life-altering decision to be made he had to choose a side his cousin Nicholas or the Russian people as part of the general staff. He was still Naval guard meaning he had soldiers under his command at his word. They could either resist this new provisional government or bend the knee Kuro weighed the options , but it became clear to him that there was Only one way he could avoid Bloodshed on the same day his cousin abdicated the throne Kirill vladimirovich wearing the red color of Revolution march to tauride Palace and swore an oath to the new government. He told Duma chairman Rod zanko this morning. I assembled my men and explain to them the significance of present events and I can now say the whole Naval guard Corps as at the Fire disposal of the Imperial Duma his decision was met with thunderous Applause by the members of the new government. But within the royal family Kirill was considered a traitor many would never forgive him for choosing the mob over family. But in reality Kirill was thinking of his family. He had two little girls and his wife Victoria was pregnant with their third. He knew that the events unfolding in petrograd were nothing like the failed revolution of 1905 the fact that Nicholas gave up the throne proved as much for his support the Duma allowed Kirill and his family to live in peace as the rest of Russia continued its descent into chaos on March 16th the day after he abdicated Nicholas went back to megalith to address the Russian army one final time Boris vladimirovich went with him , even though the relief Relationship between the vladimirovich E and the Czar had deteriorated it was still emotional for Boris to see his cousin look so defeated kislovodsk Andre and his mother finally got word of the abdication on March 17th at the same time. They learned that Grand Duke Mikhail had also declined to take the throne the Romanov dynasty was over Andre wrote in his diary that all the former. Sure of Imperial Russia has collapsed in a single day. It was as if a bolt of lightning had set the Royal world on fire