Walking towards Philter the first thing you notice is an eye-catching patinated bronze and wrought-iron sculpture above a colorful and vibrant planter box. This gorgeous example of metalwork was created by a local craftsmanship and is, pun intended, a sign of good things to come. 

I ordered their single-origin espresso, a Papua New Guinea Kunjin from Ceremony Coffee Roasters, grabbed their copy of Drift (Volume 3: Havana) and took a seat by the window.  Below I found a beautiful little garden with a tiny string of LED lights snaking through leaves and stems. It reminded me of the 'desert' wing at Longwood Gardens and I found myself slip into a pleasant daydream until my espresso was brought over by a smiling barista.  The espresso was fruit forward, mildly acidic, a complex body, slightly tangy finish with notes of caramel, blackberry and nutmeg. 

After finishing the accompanying sparking water I went to thank the person who crafted my beverage and was introduced to Chris, the owner.  That began a wonderfully engaging conversation about the genesis of Philter, his passion for coffee and a recounting of the half-a-year build-out.  

Among the many nuanced decorating decisions, Chris explained that the front counter used to be the woodworking bench of a nonagenarian carpenter.  The piece was purchased at an estate auction, cleaned up but with all the character intact; it even includes the original castors.  It is a subtle homage to the life's work of an artisan who spent the better part of a century crafting and repairing goods for innumerable families.  

The interior is simply stunning; a harmonious combination of reclaimed materials, plants and whimsical accents.  Hand pounded zinc counter-tops, copper light fixtures, hardwood floors, tables and shelving create an elegant rustic charm.   Regional prints and original works adorn the walls, a small retail section interspersed with succulents and a reference library of coffee related publications all speak to the aesthetic and cohesive vision wonderfully orchestrated by Chris and his team. 

I visited again a few days later as I made my way back to Baltimore and enjoyed another stellar experience.  


Final Verdict:  Philter serves the best coffee between Baltimore and Philadelphia.  More than that, it tells a story.  The narrative speaks of passion, dedication and the three-year anniversary of business that was ten years in the making; evocative of the past with plan for the future. I cannot wait to return!