Gu Jansen who interviewed Henry in prison years later ultimately concluded that Henry 's numerous lies came from a deep desire to impress the police these figures of authority later on in his life Henry would try and make up for the lack of attention. He received as a child these events alone would be enough to psychologically impact this future killer , but another incident earlier in Henry 's childhood may have permanently damage Lucas 's cognitive abilities and could be to blame for as many defects in a fit of rage Viola struck Henry repeatedly over the head with a large piece of wood when he was just 8 years old this violent attack literally cut Henry down to the bone and he lay unconscious for the next 36 hours without help what Henry 's family interpreted as playing dead was actually a coma by the time his family finally took him to seek help irrevocable brain damage had already been done to Young Henry Lee Lucas has brain we talked a lot about how environmental factors like early and inappropriate introductions to sex can cause emotional scarring but when it comes to actual scarring that takes its toll to no official diagnosis was given to Henry after this incident but his mental development would be severely hindered for the rest of his life. Baylor hospital later assess Henry 's IQ to be 87 a sign of low average intelligence traumatic brain injuries or TB is as they 're referred to in the medical community , especially in developing children come with a range of symptoms that affect a young person outside of their intelligence quotient. It was believed in medicine that brain injuries in children were more likely to heal since the mind is plastic at a young age. But evidence now suggests that a TBI will have much longer dramatic impacts. They can cause everything from depression anxiety and low self-esteem to more severe symptoms like mood swings denial and sexual dysfunction that can have long-term lasting effects without continual therapy and symptom monitoring. These effects can potentially worsen over time , but in the 1940s , there was limited knowledge of how trauma affected Mental Health And regardless Henry was n't in them best home for receiving the care necessary to combat the complications that come from TB is it did n't help that this steady source of paternal love was violently taken away from him at an early age. Why because the 1947 Anderson Lucas lost both of his legs after falling asleep drunk on a train track this garnered Anderson the name no legs after that. He got around at a makeshift. It wheelchair , he could barely move around let alone come to the defense of his son anymore. Three years after the train incident Anderson , wheeled himself out into the snowy Virginia winter following a fight with Viola drunk and exhausted. He fell asleep in the snow and never woke up