And like I say that in a negative and positive light just because in a positive way you keep up with your friends. That was like the ultimate like goal of social media when it first came out anyway , so like I understand that but in the negative way , it becomes just extremely toxic and sometimes I ca n't even handle it and like I literally have Timer set every single day for myself. So I just do n't spend that much time scrolling. Yeah , so like yeah , so Vince does people just like to pour their hearts souls and emotions on the fences. I do n't agree with it 's a thing on Snapchat like private stories. Like they just like to pour all these emotions into something that you could easily just put him in journal and to shut up , you know , like it 's literally so bad. But yeah , they 're always ranting about something new and like it 's different if you 're just like being a joking like having fun because that 's the point of those are me like you 're supposed to have fun , but when it turned into this like toxic thing and like say you 're in a relationship. A job with someone and then like someone posts something like it 's just a lot and like I just it 's a lot and if you do n't know how to monitor your time with it , and if you do n't know how to limit yourself towards it can become a very toxic environment but like for me personally , I know how to use social media to my benefit even though I do social media like for fun and like I do it like as a job , you know , so it 's like it kind of sucks to see so many like school people just kind of being absorbed into it and like leading them to anxiety and depression like all the stuff because like that 's not what the intention was for. But yeah, I think it's so sad how it does bring a lot of anxiety and depression, obviously not just as high schoolers, that happens across the board, like even people in their 20s and 30s like it happens, but I think it's so smart that you have a timer, and yeah because growing up I didn't get an Instagram. I think until like sophomore year of high school. I actually just looked at my profile. I got it July 4th of 2011 2011