I'm updating this review of Vito Italia due to recent developments regarding this transaction. 

After the previous review was written, the owner reached out to me to determine if we could resolve the issue amicably because he said he was losing business every day based on my review. He presented two options: 1) move forward with the purchase of the bed & in 6 weeks it would be likely that I could receive the bed, or 2) that since I paid the deposit with my credit card, my money was protected and I could cancel the transaction through the credit card company. During that time, I went back through my emails to find my receipt from Vito Italia which was dated July 11, 2019, for $1,600, Invoice # INV-000100, stating the amount received with reference number 1850657396 -- that was the same day as the credit card transaction.

I just recently discovered from the owner that he never received my deposit for the bed even though I have that notification email receipt showing that the transaction was processed through his online payment system. How could I have received a notification of "payment received" if it was never processed? Although I accept some of the responsibility for having not checked my account to initially verify that the transaction took place, the owner has culpability as well since he did not bring this to my attention at the time. He stated in a text as follows on 11/25:

"hi i did check you have paid it - but our credit card system randomly rejects payments that are made online and not in person for security reasons- so that payment was rejected and we never received the payment in to our bank account - i am giving the date you paid and you can check subsequent days to see that that transaction never went tru - payment was made on jully 11th  and we never got it credited to our bank account - let me know if you have any questions - i can still get the product to you if a give opertunutiy - in fact i never checked if the payment got credited to our account or not.  let me know if you have any questions" 

OK, so what business doesn't verify such a transaction to see if they have received any payment on a custom order? We could have "potentially" saved a lot of aggravation over the past several months had this disclosure been made to me at that time. The deposit payment was made on July 11th and I was just finding this out discrepancy on November 25th. After checking all of my accounts, I could not find any evidence of the transaction. I again reached out to the owner and only then did he state that when the payments are made online that, at times, the system refuses to accept payment as a security measure.  Really? I've never heard of that before from ANY vendor. All that said, the timeframe of non-delivery for the product was now up to 20 weeks.
This only came to light after I wrote my initial review prompting numerous text messages, emails and phone calls with the owner trying to resolve the situation. My frustration had now escalated to the point of wanting to altogether cancel the order and move on.

He has been telling me now that my review is costing him business every day and asked would I please remove the review. At the time I wrote the review, that commentary was my truth regarding the situation. It was only because of my continual inquiries as to the status on delivery of the merchandise that any of this was uncovered. Had I moved forward with the transaction, when the bed would have eventually arrived, he would have told me that I owed payment in full because he had no record of a deposit. He stated that he was a small business owner and had a lot of unexpected scenarios occur with other customers that caused all of these delays and issues to transpire. As a customer, that is not my concern nor should be made my problem.

Although I admire and respect his attempts to now keep me as a happy customer, I'm again aggravated that it appears the bed was either never ordered in the first place or that the manufacturer refused to go forward with a custom order without receiving any upfront payment. So, I've been waiting all this time for a product that was supposed to be delivered within a "10-12 week" timeframe. I appreciate that as a small business he is going to have challenges. I support small businesses all the time and one thing about most of them is that their customer service is excellent because they know that without happy customers they can't run their business.  At this point, I just want to be done with the entire situation.  I've now not lost any money, only time, and can walk away bruised but not battered.  But that time lost was emotionally frustrating with all the waiting and the back and forth that ultimately was avoidable and unnecessary.

Vito Italia has a lot of very nice, yet expensive, furnishings to offer but definitely needs to address their customer service and communication as I have not been the only customer to question his business practices.