I recently moved to Reno, and am not impressed by Dr. Pasternak or Silver Sage Center for Family Medicine. After about 45 seconds of speaking with me as a new patient, Dr. Pasternak sent me away with a drug which, it turns out, was a solution to a problem I didn't have!

I then went to have an X-ray which Dr. Pasternak had ordered, and after not hearing from his office for several days, I called and left a message asking about the results. It has now been over a month, and no one has returned my message.

Unsatisfied, I ended up going to see a specialist who I sought out on my own, and who actually cared to spend 15+ minutes talking with me. Though the specialist has not yet determined the true nature of my problem, he did help me discover that the medication which Dr. Pasternak had given me was serving no purpose other than to fill my body with drugs.

I hadn't fully written off Dr. Pasternak and Silver Sage at this point, which is why I called them in advance of a long trip, in order to obtain a 90 day prescription for an extremely benign medication which I have been taking without issue for 5 years. I called on a Tuesday, and explained to the receptionist that I would need to pick up the prescription by that Friday at the latest, as it was my last chance to do so before leaving town. She explained that Dr. Pasternak was not in on Tuesday or Wednesday, and that there was no guarantee that he could write the prescription before I left, but that she would leave him a message. I emphasized my urgency and requested that at the very least, the office could call me on Thursday to let me know if, for some reason, Dr. Pasternak would not be able to write me the prescription. She essentially told me, "Yeah, I can't guarantee anything," at which point I could only say "Ok, thank you," and conclude to myself that it was unlikely I would either get the prescription or hear from the Silver Sage office at all. In what came as no surprise to me, the entire week passed, and I neither got the prescription, nor heard from Silver Sage Center.

In anticipation of this, I contacted my previous primary care doctor (who is located in a different state) on that same Tuesday, and requested the same 90 day prescription. His receptionist was very polite, and told me that she expected there would be no issue, but that if there was, I would receive a phone call. The prescription was filled within hours.

I'm not sure what Dr. Pasternak's problem is, and I don't know a lot about medical practice, but I can conclude that he is distracted from his job as a primary care doctor, and that his staff reflects this as well.