2800th Review

We came here to look at the inventory and really didn't need or want any help or tour of the facility or any explanation of the products on display. We have been looking for a new RV for more than a year and I felt we have done enough due diligence over that period of time that I would feel comfortable selling these things myself lol. We arrived mid afternoon and it was hot even though it was late February, before starting our walk around we briefly met Rich Wilson one of the sales associates, it seems we were both walking towards the Cold Stone Creamery van parked in front of the store dishing out complimentary cups of delicious ice cream. Rich invited us to look at all the inventory and look over each individual coach on display being they were all unlocked and all the prices and discounts were clearly posted on each unit. I thanked him and told him we would meet him briefly before we left the lot after looking around.

After spending a considerable amount of time looking we decided it probably wasn't going to happen again today - although we were serious about making a purchase we both had made a list of "must have" items and until that list was filled we had no intention of buying anything. After going inside and meeting up with Rich, he thanked us for stopping in and asked if we knew exactly what we were looking for, after spending a few minute discussing our wants he mentioned he had a few units in the back of the lot that may be of some interest to us and boy was he right - he gave us a walk through of a Thor Miramar 37.1 Coach and allowed us plenty of time to look it over and discuss amongst ourselves without any interference and we decided this was the one. 

After conducting what I feel was a fair and non-pressured negotiation we settled on a price and reached an agreement, the rest of the purchasing process was just as pleasant. We met with Caesar in F&I and completed all the paperwork, he explained in detail our options clearly and added and subtracted what we requested and we closed the deal and settled on a delivery date which at my request was two weeks away. 

Understanding the before the sale experience can be quite different from an after the sale experiences I must say this dealership provided clear communication between the purchase and delivery and afterwards. Once we arrived for our demo day we were greeted by Ricky a service technician, he was very detailed and patience through the entire process, we couldn't have been more pleased with the demonstration. Ricky answered all our questions and provided us with all the important information required to operate and enjoy our new purchase. A few days after we picked up our RV I received an email containing all the paperwork documenting the RVs preparation prior to deliver like I had requested including any recall or manufacture notices - in my experience the customer service met my expectations and we are extremely happy we stopped in...