On 04/30/2016 at 08:00 we had an appointment to have the tires replaced on my wife's 2011 Ford Edge. We dropped the car off at 08:00 and received a call about an hour later that the installation had been complete and we could come pick up the car. Once we arrived we paid our bill and left the building, once in the car and still in the parking lot my wife had noticed a low tire indicator light appear on her cluster panel, she then got out of the car and looked at the tires to see if any looked low on air, while she was inspecting the tires she noticed significantly large gouges in her wheels. She then went inside and explained the low indicator light and the damage to the wheels, the person working the counter went outside and turned off the low air pressure indicator and briefly looked at the wheels and stated that couldn't be from them and that it appeared to be what he referred to as "curb rash". My wife explained that was not the case that the wheels were flawless when the vehicle was dropped off. The person at the counter said he would submit a claim and an adjuster would contact us within 2 days. My wife also called the corporate number on the paperwork the same day as the service took place and left a message, which was never returned.

On 05/03/2016 my wife called the store and explained the situation again and asked for the claims department's phone number to follow up. My wife called the number provided on 05/03/2016 and left a message; no one returned her call once again. My wife then went to the Discount Tire store after work on that same day and spoke to the manager on duty (Orlando Montanez), she explained the situation to Orlando and he checked their system again, he stated no claim had been submitted. He then went outside and briefly looked over the wheels. After he came back into the store he said he doesn't believe that it was their fault but offered my wife a complete set of aftermarket wheels at no cost. My wife then proceeded to call me and explain to me the offer and needed me to come to the store as she has no experience buying wheels. When I arrived and was shown the wheels that were offered I explained that we did not want the aftermarket wheels (which were not the same size as the OEM wheels and could be a potential safety issue), Orlando then stated there was no other option and that he would file a claim.

If you look at the damage in one of the photos provided, the gouges are coming from the inside out to the edge of the wheel, if this were "curb rash" wouldn't the grooves start at the edge and work their way to the center cap? In another photo you can clearly see where the edge of the wheel/rim is bent from the inside out, again if this were "curb rash" the wheel/rim should be pushed in towards the tire, it is not, it looks as if it were pried outward buy something about an inch, to an inch and a half wide. It believe it would be impossible for two wheels to have identical markings from striking a curb, I also believe it to be impossible for a wheel to be bent outward from striking anything, including a curb. 

Three of the four are without a doubt in need of replacement now and Discount Tire will do nothing. I wont use them again and I will never recommend them to anyone. Stay away if you care about your car.