I have been a dog breeder for over 15 years and have used more than 25 different vets in the New Orleans area over that time period. I have to say Cypress Animal is by far the most FAIRLY PRICED and CARING veterinarian office I have ever dealt with. From the receptionists' kind disposition to the attention to detail they show in ensuring my dogs are healthy and happy, I have never met a vet that goes the extra mile like Dr. Stone does. There have been several instances in which he has helped me through tough times in regards to my dogs and has time and time again gone above and beyond what I have come to expect from vets, as in my experience most are prone to over exaggerate health concerns in attempts to up charge clients and for fear of admitting a lack of knowledge on each and every subject a pet owner can encounter. In past situations such as those Ive been lied to, overcharged and under delivered my MANY vets over the past decade. The reason I trust Dr. Stone so much is because, as with other vets, over the years with so many dogs Ive brought in rare cases to him that he wasn't 100% sure about and instead of allowing ego to get in the way and mislead me as many others have done in the past, he has taken his time to call specialists in each field to further educate both of us on the reality and risks behind the procedures involved and given me 100% honest assessments of his capability and recommendations, even when that very recommendation is to go to a surgeon that specializes in such procedures while im begging him to give it a try. Instances like those are very rare in the pet health industry and when you find a vet willing to go the extra mile to ensure the safety and best care possible you know you've got one of the few vets out there that actually care about the well being of animals more than their own pride or pockets. A sight that is even more compounded by the fact that Dr. Stone is the absolute best surgeon I have ever watched perform. From ear crops, and c-sections to exams and checkups Cypress Animal is one of the very few vets I feel comfortable enough to recommend to all my clients.