Writing this review is killing me because I have always loved Chumley's and have always made it a "must stop" when I come to BRipp...now, I don't know that I will.

I was super hype for a night out with new friends to celebrate my roommate getting into med school (wooohooo! you go girl ;) and we all decided to go to Chumley's because it was a place that we had all loved in the past and had great experiences at. It so pains me to have to leave my first review on a bad note.

When we arrived, the gentleman checking ID's was very nice and super friendly, I thought for sure we were in for a great night...that is, until our waitress entered the scene. I don't know if she had an opinion of the type of people she THOUGHT we were or what, but from the first moment she approached us, she had her nose in the air and her attention elsewhere. Not only did it take an unreasonably long amount of time to get our drinks, but she neglected to mention that two of the beers that we had ordered were no longer served there, and made no alternative options for which we could choose from...now, coming from the alcohol industry, you should always have a second option in your pocket in case things don't work out...but I won't hold that against her (mainly because there are a million other things that went far more wrong on this visit than that)

After waiting over 15 minutes to get our second round of drinks, members from our party went to the bar to get one of the many great options that Chumley's offers, and once we realized that our waitress was never coming back, they just decided to continue ordering from the bar. When she did make an appearance, she rudely asked us to cash out since half of our party was using the bar and not her...I'm not sure how you can order from a waitress who is never attending to your table, but hey, to each her own.

When we did cash out, it pained each and every one of us to leave less than 20% as we were/are all employed in the service industry, however horrible service is horrible service and there was no getting around the fact that this was just outright awful service. But what happened next was just beyond what I ever imagined to happen at a bar.

When our waitress returned our cards she said, and I quote "Did you all think that you had shitty service or something, because none of you tipped me 20%" EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME. After I picked my jaw up from the floor all I could do was muster up the words to ask for her manager. After over two years as a server, I know as do most individuals that you NEVER question a tip that you receive. NEVER. If this lady knew the amount of times that people didn't tip at all she may be singing a different tune. 

Anyways...

After the server blatantly bitched (there is no other word for what we WATCHED happen) to her manager about how much of a problem we were to her, the manager came over and apologized. I feel bad for her because it seems like that server just walks all over everyone which is really a shame because as mentioned above, I LOOVED this place, but I refuse to be treated with such disrespect and unprofessionalism again. 

So sad. So, so sad.