This is my ocean.

When I was moving from Miami, many people asked me, 'Won't you miss the water? I mean, you're so close to the ocean.' Yes, from my apartment, I had a view of the bay and the Atlantic but I didn't grow up with water views. While beautiful, I could take or leave them. What pleases me eye are rolling hills, trees as far as the eye can see and green that completely envelopes you. I'd so missed this part of the country and when people ask me why, I bring them to Shelby Park.

The park is a wonder in natural, Tennessee, Mid-South beauty. With rolling hills, mature trees, seedlings, running trails, steep hills, panoramic views, a golf course, baseball fields (ones equipped with huge digital scoreboards), lakes, an iconic trestle, winding river views, playgrounds, and wild animals a'plenty, what's not to love about Shelby Park? And one can enjoy all of this within the confines of the city. To enjoy this kind of scenery, one might think he has to go deep into the countryside. Nope. This nature expanse is a part of Nashville's Eastside connection of neighborhoods.

There's way too much to experience to take it all in at once. Shelby Park is best to be explored either by accident or preparation. By accident: the first time I stumbled in to the park, I was driving around, exploring some neighboring neighborhoods and I took a turn in to what i thought was a woodsy neighborhood. Once I came across the lake, I was hooked. I parked my car and just wandered around, taking pictures, stopping to gawk and standing still, smiling at where I was. By preparation: studying up a bit on the park, I 'discovered' there were many trails and a nature center to experience. I have come back several times to explore each of these specific parts. I haven't quite mastered where/when Shelby Park becomes Shelby Bottoms (the land mass is overwhelmingly huge) but if you are hoofing it through the park, head toward the trestle/river and look for the path. You'll pass the nature center on your left (perhaps the beginning of the Bottoms?) and, with the river to your left, get ready to start checking out the trails. You can either stay on the main path or diverge in the woods to hike/walk the smaller, listed paths. Because I grew up in the [redacted], I have a fear of wooded areas at night but if you have even an inkling of a survival instinct, you should have the same fear. Leave the rural exploration to high noon and take the trails with someone. As purty as the green is, don't be stupid.

When out of town folks come to visit me, I always make sure to bring them here. Once I do, they understand why I was eager to move and why it was easy to do so. This is my ocean.