Alright where to begin. First off I have a 2015 Road glide and I have pretty much either trade it in or bought a new Harley every year for the past six or seven years. I am no stranger to the Harley dealership and the tactics that salesman use to try and upsell you. I am new to Boise so I contacted my local dealer high desert Harley Davidson to trade in my 2015 Road glide with 2000 miles on it for a brand-new Dyna Lowrider s. At first everything seemed pretty typical it started with a phone call and then I actually went into the dealer with my bike, met the sales guy and begged him not to waste my time and just be straight with me and that I was no stranger to a Harley dealer. Anyways he agreed seemed like an all right guy but then as we got closer to financing and actually making a deal the people at this dealership completely wasted two days of my time making me late for work with false promises first of all they tried to lowball me on my bike worse than I've ever been lowballed before my bike is worth what it is as trade and they came in at almost $4000 less, second of all I have excellent credit and the interest rate that they came back with was absolutely ridiculous they insisted on going through their private bank and not the Harley financing program. We went back-and-forth for a couple minutes obviously this is just getting pretty annoying by this time. I decided to get up and leave agreeing to disagree that we were just too far apart to make this deal happen as I was leaving I asked the sales man kindly if you could tell me what my credit score was and what bank they ran my information through since an inquiry on your credit does lower your score and as a consumer you have every right to know exactly what they pulled and what it looks like. At that time they absolutely refused to tell me my credit score and refused to tell me where they sent my personal information and refused to give me a copy of the credit information that they pulled after that I called consumer affairs and had the Better Business Bureau contact them directly. After all these shenanigans at this shady dealership I went to the great folks over at snake River Harley-Davidson in Twin Falls which is two hours away to get this deal done not only did they beat their price by thousands of dollars they also got me all the accessories I needed financing that is a quarter of what I was offered at high Desert and gave me a reasonable price on my trade in the end everybody made out they sold a new bike and I got my new bike please do not waste your time at this dealership the sales manager is shady as hell and I think they used to be in the car business because nobody in there looks like I can even ride a bike. Anyways. SNAKE RIVER IS DEFINITELY WORTH THE DRIVE ask for Dave !!!!